OK. Oh me too. [puts hand up for high five] Same religion. 4 Americans every year die from rabies. How many of you know someone who has been afflicted or affected by rabies? Show of hands. One, two, three... too many to count. It is truly the silent k*ller. No, it is the foaming barking k*ller. And it is something... Darryl what are you doing. No, don't give him... just, did you hear anything I said? Hey man. What's going on? Oh yeah? Damnit Kelly! It knows! It knows what you did! Return it! Return it now! Y... You don't understand. If... okay, if this makes the difference, I'm gonna tell it that you were responsible. Who's it? Thanks. Not so much anymore. It's not a party. Darryl, back downstairs, this isn't information you need. Okay. [makes out with Darryl] Umm, see you later tonight. What do you mean you have plans tonight? Well, you have to make a choice, it's either your daughter, or me. Okay, I see how it is. [pushes a stack of files onto the floor] Oops. Yeah, but I destroyed it, it's not even useable anymore. Hey, let's call this what it is. Well, I just need to know where this is going. Don't you dare walk away from me Darryl Philben, you are the most selfish person I've ever met in my entire--- Get her Phyll. [singing] Out of paper, out of stock, there's friendly faces around the block, break loose from the chains that are causing your pain.Andy, Creed, Kevin, Kelly, Call Michael or Stanley, Jim, Dwight or Creed. Call Andy and Kelly for your business paper needs. The people person's paper people. Time out, time out, time out, time out, time out. I thought... I was under the impression that this was going to be a rap. Okay, Darryl, wow, you need to learn a lot about your own culture. I'll make you a mix. Oh boy. The people person's paper people. Stop. Stop stop stop stop stop stop. This is not me. This is not my music. No, I hate it! I hate it! ...I don't hate it, I just don't like it at all. And it's terrible. Okay, you know what. Hold on, hold on Darryl. It is. Yeah, the floppy haired girl you date won a point. Do you want to go play on the table upstairs? A lot of jazz cats are blind, but they can play the piano like nobody's business. I'd like to put the piano in front of Pam without her glasses and see what happens. I'd also like to see her topless. Hey. Darryl, [clears throat] have you ever been in a g*ng? It's an advice question, and if you don't wanna talk about it, I completely understand. It's, um... I know, it's very, very personal... I knew it. Okay, who we talking about here? Crips? Bloods? God. Okay. you're on the street, and one of your g*ng disses you. Yeah, right, so what do you do to get them to make it right? What is that? Really? I would've never thought that gangs would be tickling each other. Today I'm heading over to the job fair at Valley View High School, to find some new interns. Want to get some fresh blood. Um, euthanize this place. Why are you dressed like that? Maybe he's going to church. Or court. [to Darryl] I think you look nice.Michael and I'm going to instruct the kids about management and sales. Oscar will be in charge of accounting. Pam will be eye candy. No... uh, also, because that is your alma mater. Darryl will hire some kids for the warehouse. We don't have to worry about internships with them, because they definitely ain't going to college. [Darryl approaches as students throw basketballs] A little over the top, don't you think? Oh, no problem. [looks down] And he signed! He put his name on the piece of - okay, that was supposed to be a blank canvas on which to put their hopes and dreams. And he just, made it into a stupid piece of paper. We need another one, immediately. I love to sing them, but I am not going to be doing that today. I am going to be doing something I wrote specifically for Toby. [to band] Do you know, um, "Goodbye Stranger"? Supertramp? [on microphone] Can I have your attention please? [music stops] I was waiting for the right time to do this, and I can't think of a better time than right now, with the music playing, and all our friends around, and fireworks going off... My parents are here! Andrew and Ellen Bernard. Thank you for sharing in this joyous moment. Miss Angela Martin, will you please join me onstage? [Angela shakes her head 'no'] Okay, then I will come to you, my flower. [knocks over Darryl's keyboard] Niiice.[ Kevin's Loan, Webisode 03 - "Exposed Wires" ] I'm not going to be mad if you give me the money! Come on man! You have a nice new car, Kevin. Look at my car, it's so old. That little dude may hurt me if I don't get that bank loan. I'm gonna sell ice cream out of a cart. Why not? [nods] I know. Come into my warehouse, we'll talk. We need a secret signal that lets me know if I'm talking too much. [female Loan Officer comes in] Hi. Thanks for waiting. [sits at desk] So, Malone's Cones, sounds delicious. Oh yeah, maybe a little too much. You have a great... vest. Oh well thank you. Mr. Malone. This is the ice cream franchise? Yeah, we're not interested. I'd rather not. Oh boy... [Kevin stands and drops his briefcase, papers spill everywhere, he makes a mess trying to clean them up] Sorry, don't. Abort, abort. Brad. h*t the scales, everybody. Right on that black platform. This way. Step it up. [smiles, looks to Michael][/b] Really, nothing? Family only. All right. OK, everybody, let's suck in our guts. All right, we're set. [glares into the camera and writes Jim's name on his list] Oscar, enough with the girl talk please. Hey! Darryl, would you do the honors? Hey guys. Uh, I need some advice from one baby daddy to another. Yeah, I a baby daddy. Um, when you first became a baby daddy, did you have an immediate connection with that baby? Like, the first time that you held it, did you find that with your baby baby? I just saw this baby daddy- Why, Darryl, because I'm quote white quote unquote? Well- It's- that's different. That's not a baby. [sighs] Could I? Pump it up! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! [Huey Lewis' Heart of Rock and Roll plays] Pump up the volume. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you, Mr. Springsteen. [music stops] And welcome to C.R.I.M.E.-A.I.D. [clears throat] Crime Reduces Innocence Makes Everyone Angry I Declare. It is not known how many office robberies occur every second because there is no Wikipedia entry for office robbery statistics. However, tonight, its victims, are standing together and standing strong in the form of song, cooking lessons, and hugs. Really Phyllis? You're auctioning a hug? Okay, so with no further ado, lights, camera, auction! Take it away Bruce! [Huey Lewis' Heart of Rock and Roll plays] It squeaks when you bang it, that's what she said. Let's hear it for me! Right? A bargain at any price! Oh, yes, great. Very good, Um, so, Darryl, and the boys in the hood in the warehouse, have graciously donated to, uh, go out for a beer with them right now. You know what, I'm actually going to bid on this. I'm going to start the bidding, because this is something that I have dreamt of- 5 dollars. Yeah, that's all-inclusive. I can see that. Halpert? Hey Darryl, what's happenin'? Oh, copy that breaker. Those Duke boys are at it again. Cool! Life is a highway, I want to ride it all night long.Michael, Holly, and They came up with that idea really fast. Was I? Really? Was I saying anything interesting? All right. What's the scoop, how far? Halfway! Okay, You know what I want to do, I want to pull over and find little bed and breakfast for when we meet in the middle. Emphasis on the bed. And the breakfast. All right so now we can sit... and get comfortable. Did Darryl touch you? My wish has come true, incidentally, because, you've met me, and you are happy. Then don't do it. Please don't do this. Please don't do this. [they continue arguing] I don't know what I'm gonna do! I'm not gonna be okay. [has won the table w*r] That is all sir, you may go. Oh. Hey how about at Thanksgiving we prank Tom about being bald? Oh that's mine actually. Um, maybe put it back in the truck. You know I have some things I need to do this weekend. I just remembered, so, I'll just ride back with you. Okay. Bye. We didn't break up. Okay. That's a really pretty song. Okay. Okay. Da na na na na. Da na na na na. Da na na na na. Da na na na na. Da na na na na!! [deeper] Da na na na na. [deeper] Da na na na na. Oh, nothing can hurt you now. You're a man in love! $200. Oh, no, I-- no, no, I was gonna buy that doll. But I-- I promised my daughter. Darryl, look-- I-- I need the doll, I need the doll. I-- I'm-- I'm begging you. I just-- I need it more than anything in this world. I need this doll. Darryl, man I need this doll. I only have $200. [laughs] Oh man, thanks, thank you, [tearing up] thank you, thank you. Oh thanks. She's gonna... [notices the doll is black] oh... Can I make just a little announcement. In a professional roast, usually the roaster will say something nice about the roastee after they're done, something about how much they love them, so, just, keep that in mind. We are, we are a family. Oh very funny. Uhh... hehe hah! I'm thinking Roy? Michael I gave you a ride home last week, we spent an hour in traffic... Jefferson. Hey. Hey. Hey. You idiot. Sir. I placed a bunch of golden tickets into five separate boxes and some how they all ended up with Blue Cross. How does this happen? Irrelevant. You are not reacting at all as I had hoped. I just don't want you to. And that's how you broke your ankle? Hmmm, interesting. How did the ladder end up on top of you, if you fell off of it? Oh really, I'm sorry I thought this was a free country. I didn't know we were in communist Sweden. Nnnnn, that's not... okay. I will send this off to corporate. Make sure you hold on to your medical bills. Feel better. If they were dilated... Definitely. We thought that she was you. No, nah. I don't see it. Aww, Darryl. Hey Darryl, look ahhh, we're here to apologize ahh... He broke his ankle climbing over the railing and he lied about it because it was a misuse of company equipment, case closed. Well, I don't think there's any reason to check 'em but I suppose if we wanted to be really certain... Now, I would like to file an official complaint to corporate because Darryl lied on an official form. I am going to scare these kids so bad. Lulu from The Fifth Element. That's really not the trend in vampires right now. I'm a hobo. I'm Jigsaw, idiot. Yes. I am the popular social networking site known as Book Face. It is the easy way out. You are not alone. [on phone] Very nice. Let me just, let me just write that down real quick. [motions to Darryl] Pencil? Can you give me that pencil? Hang on Teddy... [covers phone] I'm making a sale. Sales. Honey and jelly sandwich time. [removes lunch from fridge] Oh, you got to be kidding me. [holds up squashed sandwich] Look at that. That's - You saw who did this and you didn't stop them? The sales department smashed my sandwich. You don't get it. That's what she said. Okay, no, you encouraged it. You were complicit [looks to Jim for vocab-reassurance] Complicit. You were all successories! You can. Yeah, we talked this morning and we talked at Christmas. So, a little momentum there. [tries to open door, locked] Just a couple of hours to k*ll before work. Hey, nice office. You know what we haven't done in a while? Happy hour. Upstairs, the warehouse, everybody just going out for a drink. Didn't we? I think we did. Yeah, the whole g*ng, Matt included. So happy hour. All right. So... when are you coming in for that free lunch? You're gonna want to come in on a day that I'm working. Uh, maybe I can hear more about that book, too. I couldn't understand a word he said. I think I did. But I can't take all of the credit. Some of the credit is due, in fact, to my good friend, Date Mike. Nice to meet me. Yeah, haha. Tray of cookies. I'm not falling for that. Man, Darryl, I'm sorry. [pats Darryl's back] Happy Birthday. Thank you. [Kevin grabs cookie and starts eating it] You would have weekly conference calls with executives in corporate. A two-week training program at the Yale school of management, obviously you would be high on the list for advancement opportunities. It doesn't just sound a'ight, it sounds amazing. Well... Darryl withdrew his application. He said the Yale program interfered with his softball league, you know? He's gone. All right. Let me know what they say. What do you mean? I don't know. Like he was... covering something up? Maybe. What's up? I got your e-mail. Okay. I don't have a plan exactly. More of a loose structure. Gives me freedom to improvise. It's like jazz. [scatting] Andy don't mess with me. [continues scatting] I'll figure something out. Such as? What? You don't know what it meant? How about "Andy is a problem and we must eliminate him?" Absolutely. [both leave Michael's office] Your text said 911. Glen, could you excuse us? [Andy slams the door after Glen leaves, panting heavily] What's bad? It's real bad. Oh, God. I might have to go public here, but no one's gonna believe me. Uh... I need proof. I need, like, a printer to catch on f*re. Yeah. There what is? [in old Michael Scott Paper Company's "office"] We're printing on 24-pound premium stock paper, approximately 300 sheets in. So far, no signs of distress. [Darryl is filming Andy's demonstration] Right. My name is Andrew Baines Bernard, and if you're watching this, it's because I've turned State's witness because I'm in danger because I know too much. Higher? Okay. [speaking slightly higher] Recently certain events have come to my attention... Make it higher? Okay. [high-pitched] I have come to the conclusion that the Sabre corporation... [higher] May be overlooking certain safety regulations. At the danger... [printer starts smoking and explodes] ah! [speaking lower] It's working. [in normal voice] It's... I knew it! We are blowin' the roof off! Blowin' the roof off! [Darryl discharges f*re extinguisher onto printer] Nice. Nice. This is my partner, Darryl Philbin. He's been my partner through this entire thing. Well, it does and it doesn't. A place? You sleep in the warehouse? Okay. Did you tell anyone outside of this office that the printers were catching on f*re? Oh, no, no, no... Oh my god. Was she cute? [in Meredith's van] I have never seen so many parking tickets. No, you know what's messed up? This situation all up in here is what's messed up! We need to brainstorm, we need to get out of this! Brain hurricane. Come on, think. Just don't say no.