Okay, I'm gonna call you Kapoor, okay? And you, Hannon. Yeah. Gotcha. Of course. I'm gonna dive in. To the rundown. I'll be exhausted 'cause it's like a triathlon. [At door.] Do you want to close this? Close, or keep it? A woman was m*rder on this very floor in 1816. Haddie McGonagle. She was a prost*tute. Oh, this whole place used to be a brothel. There was a tavern on the ground floor. Yeah isn't it? She was bludgeoned to death by the business end of a riding crop. It was gruesome. They say she walks these hallways. If you ever feel a tapping on your shoulder? That could be Haddie. Begging for her life. And it could mean, that you're next. [Taps her shoulder] Just kidding. You finding everything okay? Yeah? Oh, this is awkward. [Andy and Erin 'dance' trying to get out of each other's way] Uh oh! Oh! Oh! [Andy improvs musical verbage] No, I.... I'll take them for my kid. You're good. That was great, but it's just sort of, it's still a little choppy like. But don't worry, it's hard, it took me a while too. It's like [Andy plays Country Roads on his banjo.] Hey you want to sing with me? Almost heaven...Dwight and Hello. All right. Okay, okay, okay. Thank you so much for saying that. I can't believe that Toby thinks this is inappropriate. Hello. This is very difficult to say, but no one here like you in the office and we are going to have to let you go. [pick up phone] Hank, could you come up here please? Hank is our security guard-- He will be ushering you out. [starts laughing] Oh, your face! Oh! No, I'm kidding. No, you're not--you're not fired. Yet. Oh... I don't know, actually. Oh my God! I can't believe it! I jut won an art contest! [Erin screams, Pam and Jim look at each other, Dwight, laughing, gets up and hands her some money] [still talking like a robot] I... was just learning... to... love. Erin, how many times do I have to tell you? It is not necessary for you to ask us how we are doing every time you interact with us. [sighs] Now, how can I help you? It is a big deal. Cause there's only a handful of reasons why someone would ever go to a courthouse in Ohio and not be charged with a crime. To claim an inheritance from a deceased relative. To obtain a learner's permit at age 14 and a half instead of 15. Erin, let me see your birth certificate. I had just woken up. I didn't look cute. That's how I knew he meant it. No work. No work. No work. I come in here to release frustration. Ooh. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ooh. That's good. If you ever want to come down here, door's always open, lock's broken, so... Come on in. Hey, hey, hey. Here we go. Here we go. Yeah. Now you got it. Now you got it. Hey, you want some espresso? You gotta keep yourself dehydrated. Ok. I love it. I love it. It's a daytime disco on the ground floor of and industrial office building. You having fun? You all took a life here today. you did. The life of the party. Erin? I want you to go downstairs and I want you to shut it down. Cafe Disco? More like Crappe Disco. Yeah! I love the vibe down here. You invited someone? Welcome, welcome! Cafe Disco. I am Michael Scott. Okay, I was just looking out for you. [to Erin] You're doing great, by the way. Rolph, leave it alone! Since most of the office is away at some boring software training program, our girl group decided to sh**t our music video. People are gonna flip out when they hear our new song and they hear our group's new name. We did. Subtle Sexuality. In this sh*t I'm a bride, but I'm also kind of a tough girl, so I'm gonna be smoking a cigarette. Well, you know what? You should have had the end of the soy yogurt that I offered you. Ugh! We're finished! He and I are finished. The show must go on. I have to throw up. Good.[ Subtle Sexuality, Webisode 02 - "The Replacement" ] The sh**t was going really great... until Kelly and Ryan got into a fight. Then the poop really h*t the fan. Kelly, I heard that you were looking for someone to replace Ryan. Yeah? I would very much like to do that. Hey, uh, some of us are trying to work out there. What's he doing here? I'll be thinking about you the entire time. [Ryan grabs her & kisses her hard] The video came out amazing! I cannot wait to see it for the first time. When this blows up I'll probably go solo like Beyonce did. OhKelly & You don't return my textsYou say my phone don't get no textsWhatcha you got, A-D-D?Add it up, don't equal you and meLike Shakespeare said, "To be or not to be"Sometimes you're Romeo with meBut if you ever leave me again,I'll down a bottle of baby aspirinI swear! I'll do it!Kelly & You slammed her finger in the car doorDidn't say you're sorry, love is w*r,She got stitches, it really hurtThat's her blood on your Polo shirtYou're cute but you think you're blazin' hotYou're short and you think you're not,You look gay in your skinny tie!I hope you get k*lled in a drive-by!Kelly & [rapping]They call me Mr. Understood'cause no one understands me.But when I spit rhymeseverybody buys my CD.You get out of the car so slow,how was I supposed to know?You keep saying stuff behind my back,then how come I got the number one track?I'm the OG prima donna.My rhymes bite like piranha,Hotter than a sauna,Straight out of Lackawannaaaaaa!Kelly & How do you un-tell something? You can't. You can't put words back in your mouth. What you can do is spread false gossip so that people think that everything that's been said is untrue, including "Stanley is having an affair." It's like the end of Spartacus. I've seen that movie half a dozen times, and I still don't know who the real Spartacus is, and that is what makes that movie a classic whodunit. Yeah. Anorexia. She's an anorexatic. Look at the intern to your left. Now to your right. [interns do nothing] One of you will do exceedingly well in business, just unlimited potential. One of you will make a living, and nothing more. And one of you [looks directly at Megan] will make a great mother. It's up to you to choose which you want to be. I heard it from Erin. Congratulations! [phone rings, hits speaker button] Erin, is Michael around? No. Kind of in the middle of something here. I deserved that promotion, not Jim. Oh, man. Makes me want to put him in a triangle choke hold and force him down to the ground and just keep pressing and pressing. And then flip him over and then put him in a hammer lock! And he's gasping, he's panting! Every last breath! And the crowd is going crazy. And boom! I emerge victorious! [claps hands and stands up] Aha! $18,000 and a chance at the title! Ooh hah! No, no, no. No, we will not call David Wallace. [Michael pulls out his cell phone] I will call David Wallace. I need more time. Thanks. Mmm-hmm. Erin? I'm not a physics major, Stanley. I'm just saying be careful. Hey, guys. Hey. Could I stay in your room tonight? Something is wrong with you. How about a little bit of this. Did someone change my name to Baskin Robbin? Because I feel like a banana split. Woo! [Andy does a split and screams out in pain] Oscar. Angela. Oh cause of last night? No way. Reports have been exaggerated. Weddings make me very emotional. I um--I just have that side to me. I may have told some people that. I'm nervous. I'm about to get married. I'm sorry. [puts food in his mouth] Ugh. Apricot. Made of real apes. [into mini recorder] The fundamentals of business by Michael Scott. Over one billion sold. More than the Bible, I'm not surprised. Chapter one. The businessman... Oh hi. I'm sorry, just a sec. [whispers] Erin, you're supposed to be the gatekeeper, do you have any idea how valuable my time is? Do you know how creative space works? Okay I just cancelled my afternoon. Erin? Coffee? Not from the kitchen. Stop and Shop. If it's not Stop and Shop, I send it back. Large. If it's a medium I send it back. If it's an extra large I send it back. Hey! Uh, we brought back some Puerto Rican candy. Awesome! I'll leave it up here so everyone can enjoy it. [laughs] I think it'll be okay. Great. Can you change my dinner reservations from four people to two? Sure. Thanks for asking. That is amazing. I feel like a real Puerto Rican. Erin, look. [holds up parrot rum bottle] I think I'm gonna get the same fedora as you. [leaving his office with his rum] Night everyone. Night Pam, thanks again for the rum. Oh. Actually, it's just gonna be me. Alright. Hi. Any messages? [miffed] Looks like somebody's got a case of the definitelies. [phone rings] Yeah? Erin, do we have any of those clips that hold paper together? Oh. He did? What did he say? So now you're comparing yourself to a cute, tiny animal? It's a fish. It could've d*ed of natural causes. So... Do not mock, Oscar. Do not mock. How much do they want? Hey, Erin. Do you mind faxing this for me? Ok. Mmm-hmm. No. It was a total waste of time. Um... it was fun, though, because I got to spend the day with Andy Bernard. He's really cool. Yeah, he is. That's... right. He's like Marlon Brando. Michael's been trying to get Jim and me to hang out ever since he started dating my mom. I don't know. I really hoped this thing would just die out, but today he's planning a birthday lunch for my mom and we have to go. No way out. No way out. I've always found beauty in uncommon places. Homeless people. Graffiti. Photography lets me capture all that. Have you ever been photographed before? Yes, let's go. [looks at Erin and nods] Erin, do we have the journal? Who'd you get? Oooooo, saucy. [in character] Hey there young lady. I would be remiss if I did not ask the pretty young lady out on a date for this weekend. [in character] Do you want to go out on a date with me? We can make out by the horses. How about a threesome? Just thinking about Weekend at Bernie's. It's funny, the guy's dead the whole time. Speaking of weekends, you excited about our date this weekend? Yeah, OK. [accent] Well, finest steakhouse in all Savannah. Did you mean a real date? Totally... not. [Erin gets up and walks away] [accent] Oh, you startled me. My stars, my heart nearly leapt out of my chest. What can I do you for? Detective Wallace? That's as simple as I can make it. It's not a limo. It's a town car. Town cars are actually better, though. Better torque. Better handling. What kind of mileage does this baby get? Nope! [stands up and leaves] Keep. I want to keep those so I can see what I sent. Keep. For what? Oh okay. I don't know how those got on there... Worse than that. My idea. I just need Andy to think it's his idea. So it won't get traced back to me. In approximately six hours, Jim will get a phone call from David Wallace. He will be fired. [glances at it] Looks great. Yeah, okay. Call the school, cancel. I can't go through with this. Would you come with me? You know, like old times, instead of... [makes yuck face at Erin] Eigth grade graduation, she gave a rendition of When The Saints Go Marching In that would blow your freaking mind. Sure. Damn it! Please stop. 15 lives. I destroyed 15 young lives today. Yes. You're what, like, 12? I think you're doing a great job. What do you want from this job, provided the company doesn't go out of business? Really? You know, when I hired Kevin, he was actually applying for a job in the warehouse. Yeah. I just sort've had a feeling about him. I have a feeling about you too.Michael and This was a successful unveiling! Go back to work! Merry Christmas! Congrats Phil! Does it hurt? Hmm. I know, right? Huh! Yeah! Totally! I admit it! It's me. "Seriously?" Are you serious? Okay.Kelly and What the hell? How rude! Does she do that all the time? I, I thought that you would like it. Well it's the thought that counts. Oh, yeah. [clapping and chanting] I got a big box, yes I do. I got a big box how 'bout you? [points to Erin] Cool. What next? [Dwight puts his face on scanner] Ok. [playing guitar to the tune of Miley Cyrus' Party in the USA]Andy & Saber. [sings] Dunder Mifflin and Saber. So yeah, yeah, yay, yay.Andy & I am telling you, there are no strawberries in here. Well maybe they ran away, because the pizza was like, [imitating Italian accent] "Hey, get out of here, you stupid strawberries." Hey, any fun weekend plans? Uh, no, actually. So nothing? No movies, or parties, or anything you might want to invite someone to? [almost running into Erin] Whoa-oh, traffic jam! [imitating car noises] Beep-beep! Beeooop-beep! There's blood everywhere! Um, I got you a Valentine's card. Yeah, well it's Snoopy and Woodstock. Uh, Charles Schultz did. I thought it was relevant cause I got you all those birds for Christmas, remember? Oh, look at that. They sure do. I hadn't noticed. Yeah! It's Roger Federer for men, I sprayed some in there. You think of something then! How is that possible? No excuses Erin, come on! Make it happen. I might start a diabolical plot against him after this one. What is that? Oh. I'm fine. Thank you, though. Why would I wanna do that? For now, I'm just gonna go back to work here... Yeah. Thank you. [reading Andy's card] You brighten my day with the sound of your voice, you bring so much laughter and love, you're everything to me, and I was so blessed when God sent you here to me. I know, obsessed with me much? What did yours say? Friends are worth sharing a doghouse with. Who, what? Oh, it smells good in here. Erin, what about my keyboard? [Erin hits a button on an electronic keyboard, playing a b*at] Aw, so good to be home. How about a little Bosa Nova? Okay, okay, we're not going to the hospital. We are waiting until midnight. Guys. Word of advice. Speaking as a former baby. Don't get too hung up on baby names. I was named Walter Jr. after my father until I was about six or so, when my parents changed their minds. [reading from a book as Kelly admires] "You let me in your bed. But now, I sleep alone. Trapped with the forgotten in my detritus home." Jim, as a matter of fact, I have printed out ten ways to induce labor. And I'm thinking we just do the opposite of those things and we can slow down your labor. Erin, read the first one. Okay, yeah, why don't you go get it? Go bag! Where's my go bag? Where's my go bag? No, no, no. Dwight, let Jim do that, please. Ha ha. No, yeah, that will be good. What would you say, if I told you that I was about to change your life? Yes! Erin, would you have lunch with me? Yes! Bye. Okay. This is going to k*ll Kevin. I'm not so sure. Kevin has an enormous heart. Literally, he has an elephant heart. He had a transplant when he was seventeen. Had some problems, blah blah blah. No, Kevin doesn't have an elephant heart. But he is very sensitive. And it won't k*ll Erin just to go and have lunch with him in the break room like I promised him... I bet his heart is enlarged, though. Hi. You see that? I'm pretty sure she's... Hi.[Dwight and friends continue to destroy the Halperts' kitchen with hammers] No. Kevin. Erin would like a few words with you. Hi. Yeah, me too. Really, really fun. Yeah, me too. Yeah. Kev... Nice. Going. Erin, uh, I need you to send this fax immediately. It's really important, so I'm going to stand here and wait for the confirmation. The fax says "Erin, will you have dinner with me?" from Andy, and the number is our office fax number. Sorry, that's unacceptable. I need you to send it immediately, or you're fired. Oh, God, no. I'm... Just read the fax. I'm... I'm asking you out. So, it's a date. Yeah, what day? What day? Well, that, what's that one? Okay. Let's do it. It is St. Patrick's Day, and here in Scranton that is a huge deal. It is the closest that the Irish will ever get to Christmas. Erin go braugh! Hey! [Erin sneezing at desk] Are you sick? In your nose? Yes. [Angela returns to desk and puts embroidered breathing mask on] I am not surprised that Dwight's using my baby to steal my desk. I'm a little surprised that it's working. Oh no no no! Are you feeling ill? Oh no honey, if you got a bug, I want you to go on home. I can't have you getting Callie and Jo Jr. sick. These dogs have got to be in a commercial with Dwight Howard next week. Yeah, but you sound like death, girl. Now why don't you go on home and take care of yourself and get in bed. And shred that and have them send me a clean fax, okay? Maybe next "q*eer." Hey ladies, who wants some bangers and mash? Hi! That's okay, I'm in my "worky-works." You look amazing! See you later. It is? I'm sorry. Whoa! I didn't know you had a brother. Oh yeah, you're the guest. Take the easy chair, best seat in the house. Plus, you don't have to sit next to this big dork and her smelly feet. So, how does the whole foster sibling thing work? Do you guys share one parent or-? Ooh. It's coming down out there. No, I- Yeah. Hey. I guess you probably won't give me your leads since I'm a jerk salesman. Where? Are you... Are you sure? What - [at dump] It's freezing out here. Erin, I need you to fax this and get me a confirmation, pronto. [whispering] Are you going later? Yes. We recently struck up a romantic relationship. And, um... but we're kinda keeping it quiet for now 'cause it's still kind of a new thing. It's a little delicate, and we just don't want all the drama. Yeah, cause when everyone knows- [knock on window, open blinds to Kevin giggling and making sexual gestures] That's actually pretty funny, but in general, you know. We're focusing, we're focusing, we can't talk. Wow, can you imagine what people would say if they saw us dancing together? They'd be like, 'what's up with those two?' 'Did we miss the wedding?' Um, I got it-I'll do this, and you play the racing game, and then we'll switch. Did you tell them? This is exactly what I don't want, the drama. I don't want the drama! We just have to throw everyone off the scent a little, so follow my lead. Just sit down next to a beautiful woman and start talking to myself to confuse other people. [Andy spits out his drink] What are you doing? We didn't say we were gonna, like, start groping strangers! Get in here. [Andy and Erin go into photo booth] Where did you learn to talk like that? You know, it got to the point where keeping it a secret was just too much drama. And I hate drama, so there you go. Here you go. [hands Erin a basket of beets] If it wasn't for secretaries, I wouldn't have a stepmom. I'm going to give Erin $15. [walks over to Erin's desk] Hi, Erin. Happy Secretary's Day. I wanted to know what your plans for lunch were because I was hoping to ask you to...[Erin snaps a picture of Michael] lunch. Ugh. Well, Hayworth's is more business casual, and they always screw up your order. So I'm... Okay, well, we'll figure something. [Michael turns and starts back toward his office] [looks at Andy who is urging he agree with her, Michael turns around] Okay, let's go to Hayworth's. [in his car with Erin driving to lunch] Would you mind if I listen to my book on tape? I'm kind of a bookworm. This is the novelization of the movie Precious based on the book Push by Sapphire. [shakes head, annoyed] I don't know. Ahhh. Right. [sighs] An age or month? I've been trying. I've been trying to keep it going. Erin is just weird. So how are things going with Andy? Well, let's see. Um... Andy. Plays the banjo. Other than the fact that he dated Angela, I don't think he is a snappy dresser. I don't think he is the best dresser. Reminds me of Easter. And your salad, miss. I don't know. Probably didn't want you to have a mental image of him having sex with somebody else. Thank you. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Well... What are you doing? What are you doing? Okay, okay. You know what? You know what? You know what? Everybody's looking at you right now. So... how was lunch? Was it everything that you hoped and dreamed it might be? Erin? I think we're out of fax cover sheets. Ok. As some of you may know, I have a very special connection with Secretary's Day in the form of that 115 pound moonbeam over there named Erin Hannon. To a lot of you she may just be the person who brings you your fax comformations. But to me, she is my girlfriend... in addition to being the person who brings me my fax comformations. So I wrote [starts to use a British accent] a little ditty. That I would like to play for all of you right now. It's a little tune called Secretary of Love. A one, a two, a one, two, three.. Can we talk about this in private? Yes. No, no never. Yeah pretty much. Erin, you know, if I had been engaged to anyone before you, I would've told you. Psst. Hey. Erin. You embarrassed me earlier. You think I want people remembering I had sensual relations with Andy? It's the kind of thing you wish you could have annulled. I want to throw up just thinking about it. Hey. You know I was engaged before Jim. Yeah. And he worked here too. No, no it wasn't Andy. It wasn't. It doesn't matter. It's not about who you've been with. It's about who you end up with. Sometimes the heart doesn't know what it wants until it finds what it wants. [following Jim and Pam to their car] Guys, to err is human. [trying to block their car] Will you stop walking for one second? That's it. There's no other secrets. Ok? I mean yeah, my chest is not naturally hairless, and my parents pay my credit card bill. A year. Yeah but that's it. Now you know everything about me. I promise. And if I think of anything else... Why don't we say ciao to the impressions? [everyone says ciao] Erin? No, no, I was just watching Cookie Monster. It finally downloaded. Mind if I sit down? Oh. Yep. I'm sorry about that. I feel... I'm sorry I caused that thing. Well, yeah, yes. But I still feel sorry. You know what, I wouldn't worry about Angela. She doesn't hold a candle to you, Erin. She's old enough to be your mom for one thing. And she's, like, three feet tall. And she wears pioneer women clothing. And I don't think she's ever pooped in her life. And Andy, you know, come on. Andy, his butt looks big in those khakis. You said butt. Buenos dias, Erin. How would one of you feel if I told you I could put you on a fast track to an executive position at this company? I wasn't talking to you, pale-face. I'll slap you in the face with a rainbow. You know, when I tore my scrote, I was, uh... I was seeing this really hot urologist about it, and thought she was into me. But now I think she was just doing a bunch of stuff to bill my HMO. You know, she's touching around down there. It's easy to get confused. God. She left this here? [puts a bindi on Erin's forehead] And the best part is is that I get a business stipend to buy all new clothes. So you can totally buy any of my old clothes that I'm not gonna need anymore. Oh. Actually I was thinking about clothes that I was just gonna give to Goodwill anyway. [returns to office] What happened? [sitting on the floor behind Erin's desk, sighs] Ohhh... mmm... No, I like the attention. Is she here yet? That's her? What flavors did you get? [yawns] [reading flavors] Despera-dough. Witchy-womanilla. Why do they do this? No, no, no, it's fine. I was just commenting. We gotta get these out, open 'em up. Yeah, and when Michael gets a broken heart, this whole place comes to a halt, so we're just trying to get out in front of this. [yawns] Yeah, or no... well... I don't know. I'm sorry. I was up all night with Cece, otherwise I'd be running this. That's okay. You probably shouldn't keep a baby up that late, though. And we need bodies in both these rooms, people. So please sign up. Hey! [applauses] Hey, hey! Okay, orange slices. There ya go. You know what? I think you're attractive, and I wanna sleep with you. You read my mind. Woof is a site that I'm launching to be the last word in social networking. For just $12.99 a month, Woof links up all your communication portals so you are always within reach. It's part of the dog pack, as I call it. But, look, why tell you when I can show you. [types on his phone] I just sent myself a Woof. [fax machine makes noise, several windows pop up on computer behind Ryan with accompanying sounds, including barking] It does! Hey. Uh, thanks. Yeah, you know, just seemed like the right thing to do.