[on phone] Dunder Mifflin, this is Rolando. Oh yes, she's been expecting your call. [knocks on door] Karen? He's on line one. Thanks Ro. Hey, we finally connected. How's Scranton? I am the regional manager of Dunder-Mifflin Utica branch. Turns out it's a pretty easy gig when your boss isn't an idiot and your boyfriend's not in love with somebody else. Look, All I'm saying is it would be a great opportunity, and we'd love to have you come aboard. So think about it, okay? Okay, bye. Some people. Fillipellers, how's it hanging? To the left? To the right? Okay, enough small talk, go ahead. Yes, listen, um... You cannot tear Stanley from his family like this. No, his work family. Look, this is very hard for me, but I'm going to give you my best man. You may have Toby. You can train him. He's very very smart, and funny, and charming... You know, I can't do it, Toby is the worst. That- that was a bluff, um... Listen, if you are going to poach one of my guys, I'm going to poach one of yours. It doesn't have to mean anything. Just, do it for Stanley. Come on Jim, just climb on top of her and think about Stanley. Ah, Jim, if this is it for me, promise me something, host the Dundies. Hey Karen. First of all, hi. Copy that. I cried for weeks over that guy, so yeah, seeing him climb out of a PT Cruiser in a ladies warehouse uniform, felt pretty good. Listen lady, you can expect these kind of repercussions as long as you keep trying to poach our people. [whispers] Dwight. Granted, maybe this was not the best idea, but at least we care enough about our employees that we are willing to fight for them. And if you so much as harm a hair on Stanley's head, we will burn Utica to the ground. [they get up to leave] Yes? Yeah, trying to quit though. Oh no, I didn't want to see you. Not that I'm not happy seeing you, right now, I'm just saying ultimately I was here for the copier. Equal, I'd say it was equal. So, good to see you... I mean, it's just that- [clears throat] You know, Pam and I are still dating, so, and, I just mean that things are going really well, so I didn't want to see... you... [slinking out of the room] Alright, you are welcome. I'm going to go because of, um, traffic. Please cut it out. [notices Karen's pregnant] Oh my God. Is that Jim's? Michael! Okay. Wow. Oh man! My head just exploded. Whoo! Thank God, for everybody right? Whoo kay. Wow, you're huge! That's incredible! I... God sorry, sorry my head is... I'm just, I'm trying to figure out the last time that you and Jim had sex, and... [on cell phone] NO! Oh, my God. Oh, No. That is so awful. That is the worst news. I have to go. I have to do a presentation. I'll talk to you... [hangs up phone, sighs] This is going to be hard for me to speak today. Because I just learned that my father has d*ed. ... No, he didn't! He is alive. And this isn't even a cell phone. This is a calculator. But you bought it! And now you can't return it. Or can you? No you can't. [Karen raises her hand] Yes. Karen, do you need to go pump? I am talking about, how you all need to sell an experience. Like I sold you on the idea that my father had d*ed. Got it. It works. Well, then it will be easier for you. But I, I still think it's worthwhile, to give a, give it a try. Oh, I still have more. I grab this [grabs a chain saw], and I turn it on and I say, "Prepare yourself, for the Utica chain store m*ssacre." No it's not. So when are you due? Wow, that is wonderful, congratulations. It's really amazing. Congratulations Karen. So is there a guy or, uh, a person. Or, uh, a sperm machine that did this to you, or? Oh, great. Oh, he's cute. What is happening there? [points at picture] No, it's really dorky. You were right the first time. Uh, they're good. Uh, Jim's good. We're engaged. Thank you. [holding a chainsaw] And I turn it on and I say 'Prepare yourself for the Utica Chainsaw m*ssacre.' We're engaged.