OK... Meredith, [hauntingly] Ooooohhhhh. I brought all your friends from the office dear. Hello Meredith. Nurse. What, what are you doing? Just gimme that. Does it hurt terribly? Oh really, what kind? Codeine, Vicodin, Percocet, Fentanyl, Oxycontin, Palladone? What... Oh. [laughs] Oh, OK... Wait up, wait up, guys guys guys, hold on a second. You know what I was thinking might be sort of fun? Is if you forgave me in front of everybody. Well, just shhhh... just just... Look, I just... I don't understand what is preventing you from laughing this off and giving me a big hug. Michael! Michael! Blink once if you want me to pull the plug. How are you doing Ms. Palmer? Ah, so uh... so that is where her uterus went... Um, Ms. Palmer, your last tetanus sh*t was when you were bitten by a bat a few months ago? It also says you were recently bitten by a raccoon? Finishing that 5k, was the hardest thing I have ever had to do. I ate more fettuccine alfredo and drank less water, than I have in my entire life. People always talk about triumphs of the human spirit, well today I had a triumph of the human body. That's why everybody was applauding for me at the end. My guts and my heart, and while I eventually puked my guts out, I never puked my heart out. And I'm very, very proud of that. Hey Mer. How ya doing? It's ironic isn't it? I mean I'm in the hospital for not getting enough water, and you're in it for a disease that causes the fear of water. Thanks, I'm not mad at you anymore. [sighs, takes sucker out of his mouth] Wanna share? Some days I am just on f*re. What can I say? Hey Meredith, how you feelin'? Oh, please, it was my pleasure. Well we all came, so... Haha... Uh-huh. MmmHmm... Oh yeah. Website check please. Three-oh-five. You my friend are winning handsomely. You my friend are in a very close second. Okay, uh why don't you just lay off, lady? I needed another hour, it could have been done in another hour. Yeah, women be shoppin'. When I was younger I always wanted to be an actor in commercials. Then I realized I had a brain. Pam is staying late tonight to uh, achieve her dreams. So I'm pretty proud of her, unfortunately she was my ride home. I, ah... I really didn't think I was going to have a good time, but I did. Totally did. Thanks for the ride. OK. Leave me be, Dwight. [Dwight runs off] What's that? Oh, sure. I have made this spear, with which I will impale my dinner. And it couldn't come a moment too soon because I have been without food for a good three hours or so. I'm startin' to feel it a little bit. Ohh... It's Creed's birthday. [singing] Happy Birthday to you. Happy Birthday to you. Happy Birthday to Creed. Happy Birthday to you. Happy birthday, buddy. Good game Meredith. Yeah, Pam! h*t me up! Go long. Woo! [Pam throws football, hits Meredith's face] [swings] Dammit! You have it? Shh... [hands Meredith his camera] This one right here. It's digital, so just take as many as you want. This summer, corporate is sponsoring a little weight loss contest between the branches. Whichever branch loses the most weight gets three extra vacation days. [stands up] Everything. She's perfect. Ok, be more specific. What's up, Meredith? Why is ok for smokers to take breaks all the time? If I want to go outside and hang out once an hour, then I'll just take up smoking. I'll do it. I don't care. Well, let's keep this party movin' on. Bruuuuuuuuuce. Meredith, that is serious. I mean not only that a conflict of interests, there's also an exchange of goods. So, regarding this supplier, approximately how many liaisons have there been? Meredith, why don't you tell Holly... it's not what she thinks. Nothing unethical happened... and that you just like to sleep around. No, it's not a formality. Now, were these, um, meet-ups just personal? Unrelated to business? What I don't understand is... why the steak coupons? I mean, if you were already getting the discounted paper? Well unfortunately immunity or something being off the record does not really exist in the workplace. I mean I've never heard of anyone who's kept their job after something like this. Everyone, please, I just need your signatures to show corporate that I gave you the training. Get in there right now or I'm gonna lose it! [everyone gets up to go in the conference room] Thank you, Meredith, this was delicious. I think we're out. She said it is the name of a Viking princess. So... Take. That down. Meredith, I would like you to pretend that you are from Abu Dhabi. There we go. Our town car awaits. Its not just a van. Know what? What? Are there two suns? No, the note is way more obnoxious than the mess. Just because someone likes things clean, doesn't mean they're rich. Ever since Pam and I started dating, I just feel weird asking her to make copies for me. So, I make my own copies. And that copier sucks. Let me tell you, I-But you know what? Pam and I don't have to agree on everything. This is equal parts scotch, absinthe, rum, gin, vermouth, triple sec, and two packs of Splenda. Call it a one of everything. I know. [dancing drunkenly] Ahh yeah!! We got a live one! On f*re!! [Dwight extinguishes Meredith] Okay, how do you feel? I am not asking her to stop drinking. I am imploring her to quit being an alcoholic. The aye's have it. Meredith, have you ever used alcohol to alter your mood or deliberately change your state of mind? Do you sometimes have a drink to celebrate a special occasion or mark a holiday? Yeah, you said affected by it. Thanks again, Meredith. Who is going to tell us the latest dirty joke? Who is going to tell us what you watched on television last night? Was John Belushi fine? Was Bob Hope fine? Hey-- come here. If anything ever happened to you, I would be very angry at myself for not doing all that I could do. I want you to say I'm an alcoholic. Ok... nice. Sure. Wow. [Michael throws a pen at his head] Ow... We did? Oh, sh**t. Oh well, we'll have to go someplace else then I guess. We could go there, sure. Yes, yes. I have a new place. It-- yep, recently. All right. Yeah, oh there you go. That's good. No. It's even-- it's even better than the one I wanted. It's okay. It's all right. Meredith, we are doing this for your own good. Okay. Come on-- Here we go. This is gonna be good. Yes you are. [tries to pull Meredith from the car] I am not going in there! NO!! Shhh... just calm down. [chasing Meredith] Come on. Shh... Here's the door. Here's the door. [dragging Meredith on the floor into the rehab center] Let's start meeting-- Hello. How are you? I have a deposit. Alcoholic. So do I sign? Yep. [drives off] You said that yesterday. Then I'll get something too. Of course you will. [innocently] How'd that get there? Come on! [most of office huddles around print out of Hillary Swank, judging her hotness] Not at all. Guys, she is a beautiful movie star, so maybe we should just go to work. And you walk up toward the castle, and inside the castle are 4 men, and each of them, none of them have shoes, and they give you a funny cigarette, and you feel even more relaxed, and then you want ice cream. You want a big bowl of ice cream. What kind do you want? Shout it out. You're so lucky! Good one... [clapping] Well... I am proud to announce that there is a new addition to the Martin family. [takes a breath, excitedly] She's hypoallergenic. She doesn't struggle when you try to dress her. She's a third-generation show cat. Her father was in 'Meet the Parents.' Needless to say, she was very, very expensive. He wouldn't have wanted that. Her name is Princess Lady! Mm-hmm. Yeah. [cats meowing] I mean, I usually try to take leave when I get a new cat, but I'm out of vacation days. And this company still doesn't recognize cat maternity. I mean, when somebody has a kid, oh sure, take off a year. No! Stop it, Mr. Ash! Bad cat! That is very bad! You stop it right now! I swear, he is fixed. Happy Birthday! Oh, then pick TV. Okay, nap it is! Everyone out! Get out! We're gonna be eating cake at our desks. Let's go. I'm sorry sir we can't give out that information. [Michael sighs] Decorating. Oh my God, that makes it even more romantic. This is like a modern day Enchanted, it's like a fairy tale. That he's wasted 15 years of your life? Everyone, can I have your attention. This is the moment you've all been waiting for. Right? [drum roll on copier] Well I don't even want these. [Takes the rectangle pancakes out of his coat.] Okay, Dwight. Let me explain something to you. I set the rules and you follow them. Blindly. Okay? And if you have a problem with that then you can talk to our complaint department. It's a trash can. Her face is okay, but-- Jesus! What --what are you doing here? Hey, Meredith. Can I talk to you privately for a second? Your outfit. You--you might consider pulling it down a touch. It's ri--it's riding up a little high. Meredith, your boob is out. Dammit, Meredith, where are your panties? It's not. It's not. Sit down or I am writing you up. [Jack Nicholson impression] All work and no play makes Michael a dull boy. Is there a... Meredith here? Well, he's just thinking about his own gifts. This is the last day of our summer interns. It's been nice. We haven't had interns for a while, ever since Michael's Monica Lewinsky incident. [interns are shown gathered around Kelly's desk, one holding a box of tissues, as Kelly cries and wipes tears] He didn't do anything sexual. [female intern opens a jar of salsa for Michael] He just made far, far too many Monica Lewinsky jokes. [Meredith rubs her breasts into Maurie's back] It was just easier for corporate to shut down the program. [whispering to Meredith] Did you hear Pam is pregnant? Yeah! How far along is Pam? AHHHHHHHHHHHH! Do you think that you could send in your RSVP card? Well, you have to choose a food option and there's information in there about directions and lodging... You are going to text me, the morning of my wedding. To ask for directions.. And you will eat whatever is fanciest? Hey, why haven't we ever, um... Could I have everyone's attention, please? I have some tough news, so I'm just gonna give it to you straight. Truth is, we only have so much money for raises this year, so the simple fact is some people will get raises, and some people won't. Now, what we've decided is, we are gonna give those raises to the sales staff. Yes. They don't get 'em, if we don't get 'em! Her kid needs shoes, Jim! That's not how that goes. Thank you, Meredith. It's not like we're not gonna see the checks. We're in accounting! [out the side of his mouth] And Jim! Someone please explain it to Kevin. Oh, gee, I'm sorry. I guess I missed the meeting where we all all voted for you to get pregnant. No! I reserve the right to peel my hard-boiled eggs at my desk. [to a girl sitting next to him] I was the youngest VP in the company history. Well that's not-- I wasn't telling you. Excuse me? [laughing] Yes! No. Yeah! That's good! Come on up! Meredith, come up here. Let's do a little something. So Meredith and I have just started conversing and I will say, "So Meredith, how was your weekend, what did you do?" All right... Blind-guy McSqueezy. How do I describe it? It is a character I've been workshopping whose lack of vision gets him into all sorts of trouble. The women in my improve class absolutely hate him. [groans] Some candy. That's it. Alright, that's... Here is an old man and a goth dude... and then the old crone from Drag Me to Hell. I outran it. You never said anything. Ok. That's to broad. It's gotta be something else. How 'bout your stomach? Yeah? [writes Huge Gut] Meredith? Ok. Fine. Come on up here. Write it yourself. And don't sign your name to it. And nobody look. Everybody look away. Look away. Gotta get my goin' out on. I am a grown-up, Jim. Jim is jealous of me? Jim is jealous of me. Okay. Games have the power to distract people from stressful situations. Battleship got me through my parents' divorce. Operation got me through my vasectomy, i.e., my operation. I don't think I would have been able to endure my breakup with Holly had it not been for Toss Across. Bill Bourbon was my uncle. I would have never hurt him any more than I'd hurt a June bug. Well, you know ol' Nellie's always up for a romp in the hay. Because this is the recreation of a crime scene. Nope. Then my face is down. They can't see my face. It is warm feelings. It's hard for me to imagine a scenario, where Meredith Palmer keeps her job and David Wallace does not - no offense Meredith. Oh my God, David. That's horrible. At Sabre, we really encourage honest communication. You should always feel free to express your thoughts, your - I already booked a Great Lakes cruise. Look alive. Ow! Geez, you gave me a paper cut on my throat! ...That was weird. I don't even know what that card said. I think it should be a surprise. Her shirt is touching them. Maybe we should cut holes in her shirt. Have fun! [sigh] Hey, have you guys seen her? Ha ha, you got that right! Meredith? Come on, you're obviously single. You know it. I am never getting married. Why are you being so weird about this? Yeah, where are your kids? Oh, thanks. Come in! I'm in. Turn the trash [releases him - Kevin coughs] It's code. Alright, Meredith, take off your dress. No, dear god, no, it's in the trash can. In the kitchen. No, we agreed, two percent for the quarter. Okay [others enter] Hey everybody! Oh, yeah, sitting on your big fat butt. Alright, that is the number to b*at. 00 this morning, so people better step up and appreciate the crap out of Erin. All right. Mm. [walks into bathroom, Meredith is using her brest pump] Meredith! What are you doing?! Relax?! Give it back to me now. It's disgusting! It's not sterile! Sounds like they just got to go home with pay. Curl up with your favorite DVD. I like Donna. Is it wrong to keep seeing her? Depends on who you ask. I mean, if you ask her husband... or you took a random poll, yeah, it's wrong. Well, I think we all know what you're capable of Meredith. Hey, I have never cheated on, been cheated on, or been used to cheat with.