Ok, well I did not get the job in New York, but I got the real prize, domestic bliss. Jan made me breakfast this morning... well she bought the milk. It's soy. [walks into bedroom, Jan sleeping on bed] This is why I do it, that's what I have to come home to. [sighs] She probably won't be up for a few hours. Well have fun with that. Where? So she's really going to be fine? Thank God you were there. No need we can just check the security tapes. It's only Meredith. Hey... Why did you do it? Was she talkin' back? [sighs] All right! Yes Michael? So Ryan got promoted to corporate, where he is a little fish in a big pond. Whereas back here in Scranton I am still top dog, in a fairly large pond. So who is the real boss? The dog or a fish? Back? Why is that Michael? Oh! Did you do this on purpose? Did this happen on company property? I don't think you understand how jeopardy works. There's a diabetes sh*t, roll the insulin in your hand, don't shake it. She gets an ace inhibitor with her meal, but you have to put her right in front of the dish or she won't see it because of the cataracts. Mix one capsule of omega fatty acid in with her kidney medicine, um... and you want to give that to her 15 minutes after she's eaten. And, oh and there's a fungal cream because she has this infection under her tail, so you're gonna have to lift her tail and put the cream right at the base of her tail. You pushed Darryl out the window? You sh*t Dwight? OK, we're leaving for the hospital at 1. [to Kevin] Separate cars. Alright, I will get a card at the hospital and we'll sign it outside her room. Sales people can go later in the day. Hourly works can go at lunch. I... I was thinking that we... But... You can't be serious. You ran a woman over this morning. Everyone inside the car was fine, Stanley! Guess what, I have flaws. What are they? Oh, I don't know. I sing in the shower. Sometimes I spend too much time volunteering. Occasionally I'll h*t somebody with my car. So sue me... No, don't sue me. That is the opposite of the point that I'm trying to make. She looks awful. I think she's awake. No. At the same time. This is weird. Whoa! No don't bother the nurse, just put it back in. Well it was really great of all of you to come and visit me at the same time. I'll see you guys at the office. Michael, I'm not gonna do that. No, that's not. That's next to cleanliness. You're not forgiven. [screams] [to Angela] It's gonna be OK. Michael, Angela's cat d*ed. [nods] [sighs] Oh, sh... I'm sorry Angela. Man what a day huh? How could it get any worse? Her computer crashes with the p*rn, and then Meredith with the accident, and then... Sprinkles! God, that's 3 things. I'll tell you what's going on. This office is cursed, and we need to do something about it. Well, I am taking responsibility. It is up to me to get rid of the curse that h*t Meredith with my car. I'm not superstitious, but... I'm... I am a little-stitious. Like what? Yeah. Dwight please! No, I have not. I do not respect her, but I will go. Oh, Michael, you can't ask about religious beliefs... Alright, well then you can ask about religious beliefs. I'm... um, Catholic. Presbyterian. I've been involved in a number of cults, both as a leader and a follower. You have more fun as a follower, but you make more money as a leader. That's Buddhist. No. Well if you're going to reduce my identity to my religion then I'm Sikh, but I also like Hip-hop and NPR, and I'm restoring a 1967 Corvette in my spare time. And a rat. Separate occasions. If there was a God then Ryan and I would be married by now. So, just to be safe they are giving her the rabies vaccine. Mm-hmm. No, no. You've gotta be bitten by something. Actually the doctor said it was lucky she came in to the hospital, cause the only way to b*at rabies, is to start treatment before the symptoms set in... Lock jaw. Six of one, really. Turns out Meredith has been exposed to rabies. Which is like 10 times worse than a little cr*ck in your pelvis. Thanks to me she went to the hospital and I saved her life. Curse is broken. Curse is broken people! [Kevin claps] Oh... there is a God, and he has a plan for us after all. So go home get some rest, very very good work today. We got a lot accomplished. Michael Scott's Dunder-Mifflin, Scranton, Meredith Palmer memorial, celebrity rabies awareness, fun run race for the cure, this is Pam. Pro-Am race for the... They hung up. [on the phone] No, rabies... Babies would be a good idea. Can I put you down for a dime? Zero. Isn't that your money? Oh, it's coming. Michael? You cannot make me run. It is not a real charity. It's stupid Michael, and I'm not gonna do it. You didn't run for me... ...when I thought I had skin cancer. No. I just don't want to run. I didn't bring my sneakers or my clothes. [pushes her chair into Dwight's legs] I'm not depressed I'm in grief. Well a giant check costs about $200.00 to make up. I have a print shop standing by but... What do you think Michael, that's over 25% of our funds? Yeah. Wait, this money is going to bat birth control, right Michael, that's what you told me when I contributed. And also there is no such thing as a rabies doctor. You know what though, I've actually seen ads for nurses that you can hire by the hour, for parties and bachelor events. Maybe we should just skip the ceremony and setup a college fund for Meredith's son. Michael, 5k means 5 kilometers, not 5 thousand miles. [knocks] Hey. Oh my God. You said come in! [Michael knocks slowly on door] Come in. Yes. Or come in. You couldn't have taken off all your clothes in the men's room? On average, how many hours a day do you spend naked in your office? Just ballpark. They're so not. [sighs] Gross. What, is any of this real? I don't know what your deal is, but he's mine, OK? So hands off. [feeding a squirrel] I'm giving him a peanut. Look how happy he is. Hello Michael. Yeah. Great. [everyone claps] Mm-hmm. OK, fettuccine alfredo, time to carbo-load. On your marks, get set... Hey! [extremely loud g*n] That's my boss! Yeah-ha baby! Water? Water? [Toby gabs water, drinks, then throws back at Jan] Water babe? Michael that's irrational. Hmmm... You've got nothing to worry about, I put Imodium in Toby's coffee before the race. [Ryan looks at the phone as it rings... [Pam's voice] [You have reached the offices of Dunder-Mifflin, Scranton, currently the entire staff is out doing the Michael Scott, DM FM PMC rabies awareness Pro-Am fun run race... [Michael's voice] for the cure... [Pam's voice] leave a message" Ryan hangs up] You don't understand. He couldn't have made it a circle? What are you doing here? Did you come back for us, or... Well, you're probably dehydrated. Glass of water would be a start. Yeah. Hey Michael, look at this lamp. $8.00. And Michael, you don't have rabies. And chances are you're not going to get it anytime soon. So... you don't really have to think about it too much. Yeah, but there's other, better people out there who are helping. I know you Michael, I saw you naked. You don't, you don't know me. You've just seen my penis. I can make a difference, remember, I'm the one who started this whole thing off by hitting Meredith with my car. And I owe it to her to finish this... GD 5k [gets up groaning, Jim tries to help] No, no! Hey Michael. Better. I'm in because you h*t me with your car. But I wanted to say, I heard you were trying really hard, so I'm not mad at you anymore. Sure. I guess. [Pam smiles and walks away, then comes back and kisses Jim on the cheek] How dare you. Ohh. Yes, uh some people in the office have complained... ...about some other people engaging in PDA and, you know [Michael leans in closer to Toby] I just wanted to remind it's not appropriate to, to do that. Alright everyone, look, it, alright my complaint was about Jim and Pam. So... Ummm... yup. Yes, we are. Tuna! I knew it! Yes. Actually, we've been dating for a couple months. Phone's ringing. [goes back toward desk] Jim Halpert's off the market. Guess who just became the best looking single guy in the office? Did you plan it? [reading from paper] Can you make that straighter? That job looks hard. You should put your mouth on that. How can you even use that one naturally? Oh. Hold on one second. [Ryan types on Blackberry for a few seconds] Hey Pam! It's great to see you. Is Michael in? Yeah. OK. Should we get started? Yep, exactly. This is a business meeting. Stop that! Stop that! [to Kevin] You scared me. When he started the f*re. Michael and everybody, umm... ...let me just say something. I know I used to be a temp here, but now everything is different. I'd like your respect. I am your boss now. You're gonna have to treat me that same way you treated Jan. So... OK... Enough! OK? This is inappropriate and it stops right now. Do you understand? Perfect. Sounds good. OK, alright. This is a massive overhaul. We're getting younger. Sleeker. And more agile so that we adapt to the market place. All essential personnel will be issued Blackberries for company use. Thank you everybody. We're screwed. Us? You and me. The old timers. OK, what's up? Well it is business, but not as usual. No. [shaking head] We're throwing out the entire playbook, we're starting from scratch, we're implementing a brand new system. No. We're not. Michael, I know exactly how much time and man power are wasted in this branch. This company is getting younger, faster, more efficient. You need to prepare yourself. You know what? I love the beard. Keep it forever. [goes into Michael's office] Hey. What? So, what's Ryan doing here? He's such a snake. I hope he's gets h*t with an ageism suit. Ageism? Companies they can't discriminate against people due to old age. Like a couple years ago we tried to force out some of the older branch managers with a mandatory retirement age and then Ed Truck, your old boss, threatened us with a lawsuit, so we had to back off. [notices pictures on the wall] Ohh... man. Michael. We're not doing this today. OK. This is... Technically, he's right. Because they're lame. Reusing the Ben Kingsley, too. Michael Scott? Michael, [gets up] can I talk to you a second? We have actual work to do. Fine. Then I will call David Wallace and you can explain to him why you threw the founder of the company out on his ancient butt. [they glare at each other] I'm 87. Well, I, I, I haven't been to a board meeting in years. I, I send a proxy. I started this company in 1949. Back then, it was an uh, an industrial supplier of metal brackets mostly for, for construction. And then Mifflin, of course he k*lled himself later... Uh, but I knew Mifflin through the Rotary Club. And he was, he was [starts laughing] at dinner with Beverly and her husband, wha-what was his name, umm... uhh... Jerry.. Jerry Trupiano from, from South Jersey and he was tall. Both he and Mifflin were tall guys. And... Well I, I, I came here in a cab. Well, cou, could you get me another... [Michael closes door] I think that I should help him get home. No, No. Don't help him. He doesn't need help, Pam. [Jim nods head and Pam gets up and leaves to help Robert Dunder, Michael shows Robert thumbs up] What a nice guy. Well, today was a fantastic waste of time. Michael, technology helps business OK? You should not resist it, this is the way the world is moving. I wouldn't want to do that now would I? Dry rot? Mmhmm, sweet, chocolate turtles. Yes, no! No, those are for our clients. Actually, our exclients. I'll explain, later. Alright. What's, uh, going on here? With gift baskets. With peanut brittle, with macadamia nut cookies, with chocolate turtles, with raspberry jam and a little bit of fat and salt because you know what? That's what people like. Ever since I was a kid people have been telling me I can't do things. "You can't be on the team", "You can't move on to second grade". Well, now they're telling me that I can't win back clients using old fashioned business methods. [shakes head] We'll see about that. And FYI, I eventually aced second grade, and I was the biggest kid in class. Why don't we just go by ourselves? Michael. This is stupid. How is giving people gift baskets going to get our clients back? Yes! Cash basket! Nice work Tuna. Michael, wait. Let me go. Please, let me go. I need to win those clients back. [camera moves around and zooms in at Angela's face] Please. Good luck Michael. Yeah. Thank you. [in Michael's car] Sweet ride, American made. What happened to the Sebring? Ah, that's a pain in the ass. Why do you use that thing? Let's them know where you are at all times. Tuna. Check you later. You know we closed our account with you right? Yes, yes we know but we just have not gotten over you. And we are dedicated to providing you with the very best customer service, the very best personal business relationship we can if you ever decide to come back to us. Please, come back. I mean, really it's about money. OK thanks. I mean their website is really easy to use too. That's a big deal for us. I don't know. Sometimes people are just impossible and they make you miserable. Like Angela in accounting. Make the next right turn. Yeah, I'm gonna do some mock ups, and then turn those into thumbnails, maybe do some... splash frames. [laughs] I don't know what I'm talking about but I'm excited. You know I have heard it before. She's great, thanks for asking. Great memory. Oh, OK. OK thanks for the goodies. You don't know? Can you offer lower prices? He's not coming back, it's over Michael. Accept it, why would he come back? That's not gonna change his mind. He's moving on. We had our chance and we k*lled it. Oh, OK. Well when it's up, I'll check it out, and if it really cuts costs maybe we'll come back. That I don't care about as much. Let me know when the site's up. [in Michael's car] Well we're O for six. Last chance is the Elmhurst country club. Other side of the lake, on the southeast side. That's how it goes sometimes, you know? You lose everything and everything falls apart and eventually you die and no one remembers you. Wait wait wait! No no no! It means bear right, up there. No no no, look, it means go up to the right, bare right, over the bridge and hook up with 307. It can't mean that! There's a lake there! This is the lake! Remain calm! I have trained for this! [unfastens seat belt] Okay, exit the window! [Dwight and Michael exit through the window] Here we go! Look out for leeches! [swims toward Michael] Are you okay?! Swim for it! I got you! [Dwight grabs onto Michael while Michael opens the back door for the camera man] Michael! Michael! I got you, I got you! [Michael and Dwight reach the ground] Fine. Did you get the rental insurance? Because that is pretty important too at a time like this. I'll call a cab. [brings out cell phone] Look at that, still works. Old fashioned cell phone. [speaking on the cell phone] Yes, we need a cab at Lake Scranton, at the end of East Mountain Road, in the lake. Yes! Did you forget something? What happened to you guys? Maybe you should leave. Can you call us a cab please, I'm gonna [gets water from his clothes on the couch] Oops, sorry! [comes back with gift basket] Alright here you go, take it back! Yeah it was mine! Come on guys, get out of here! [leaving] We'll bill you. That is not correct. You did what? Into a lake. Did you get any clients back? Maybe, maybe not, time will tell. But I will tell you one thing. Those gift baskets never endangered anybody's lives. [looks at Ryan] Game set match... point... Scott... game over... end of game. I saw it. I saw it, and it was amazing! Who said I didn't see it? Did Jim say that I didn't see it? I saw it! Dah! Come on! Dude, you gotta believe. [to Pam] Wait for it. Oh! Yes! That was so awesome. That was awesome. Thank you. Michael? This is the press release I was telling you about. Ryan wants you to share it with everyone. He does. Whoops. Is that really what Ryan wanted you to tell us? And... today the Dunder-Mifflin Infinity website officially launches. Well the website is the brain-child of my brain-child, Ryan. It is my brain-grandchild. And, uh, to celebrate it's birth, all of the different branches are going to have satellite parties, which will be connected via web-cams and fibers to the real party, which is going on in New York City at uh, a very exclusive nightclub, and that is where all of the VIP's, including yours truly, will be partying with uh New York City's finest, and I do not mean policemen... If that's from Ryan, does it mention if he's seeing anybody? Waste of time. Then it would say lanch party, Kevin. Would it really be better if it said lanch party? It's supposed to say launch! It appears that the website has become alive. This happens to computers and robots sometimes. Am I scared of a stupid computer? Please. The computer should be scared of me! I have been salesman of the month for 13 out of the last 12 months. You heard me right. I did so well last February that Corporate gave me 2 plaques in lieu of a pay raise. Waaay too tight. Why is it so tight? Is just looks bad. Setting up the web-cam for the party. Depends... how much have you eaten already today? Uh, just one second. We're in a meeting and I'll see if he's available. It's Jan. [on phone] My friends? Michael, I was terminated. Is it really that important to you? Alright. Go by yourself. Well... What? No Michael! What do you want me to do, not announce it? Four twelve. Sure we'll go. One of the tickets is for him. Yes, Mr. Galliado. How would you like to pay ten percent less for paper than you're paying right now? It's not important how I got your information. What is important is that you say yes. Good. I'm driving? Alright, let me just say good-bye to Pam. Because there's a party! A party for the website I've been planning for two weeks. There's still an hour. Yep. A long time ago, but, I liked it. Yeah. It's not. It's different. But it's a good book. What was that? Oh. Two kisses. Gotcha. That would be fun. Uhhh. Can't. Oh, no cause... you're gonna let me know when we're close, right? Mmmkay... Uh, that is an invitation to an online party. Yep. Are there, uh, three w's at the beginning of the address? Yep. Well the invitation says VIP's only. Is this how you treat your VIP's, Ryan? We're already in the city. The main part with the buildings. What am I supposed to do? What do you want me to do tonight? And if you tell me, that I have to drive back to Scranton, to the satellite party, I am going to throw up! Okay I'm going to throw up. I'm throwing up. You're making me throw up, Ryan. You know what this is like? I'll tell you what this is like. This is like when the Freshmen would throw a party and wouldn't let any of the Seniors go. Oh actually I withdrew from consideration. [on monitor] You b*at me. You are the superior being. Why aren't you in New York? You said you weren't coming back and we could leave early. Thank you. He b*at the computer. Oh hey! Good for you. Good for you. Scranton power. Alright you know what? Angela I'd like you to come into my office in ten minutes. Bring something to write with and something to write on. Good. This was a pretty disappointing day. It was kind of a slap in the face to realize that I wasn't as important as I thought I was to a certain young executive who I cared about. But, you know, I'm not gonna cry over it. I did that in the car on the way home. The party starts in an hour. Beer, lite beer, streamers, orchids. Better lighting? Something made of ice? Pizza, pizza with mushrooms, pizza without mushrooms, white pizza, steak? Chocolates? Someone famous? Cool music. Confetti. Go-Go dancers? I can't do this. I can't do it. Okay. Okay. [raised eyebrows] Okay. We get to go home? Wait! Alfredo's Pizza Cafe? Or Pizza by Alfredo? [disagreeing with Michael] Michael, there's a very big difference between these two pizza places. Both in quality of ingredients, and overall taste. Which one did you order from? [shouts of disapproval] Medium amount of good pizza. They say you should never mix business with pleasure. Really? Well then, explain to me how a putt-putt golf company operates. The Pizza by Alfredo guy is here. I said it normal. Hey. Sixty-three fifty, and that's not including tip. The half off coupon only applies to orders of two pizzas. I don't care what you told them on the phone, that's our policy. It's not pizza. [shrugs] Not my problem. Great story. It's sixty-three fifty, and that's not including tip. Well then you're not getting you're pizzas. What? I'm not going in there. This is stupid. Yeah, I know that guy. He's that farmer that grows really crappy weed. No. We're a paper company. The best paper company in the whole wide world. You better think about what you're doing. Sales? A loser. You need to let him go. Yes. Yes, but not by kidnapping. As a hostage. I think you're under-thinking it. Ransom. What did he say? So, we should let him go. Michael just called the pizza place with a list of demands. Michael, Ryan wants to introduce the branch managers in a few minutes. You just have to wave and introduce yourself. And now from my old hometown, Scranton Pennsylvania, my former boss, Michael Scott. [kicks open bathroom door] If you're going number one you've got ten more seconds! Ahh-chaa! Shut up, or I'm going to punch you in the throat! You had to, what other choice did you have? Well, yeah. Oh my God, oh my God. Hello Michael, this is Ryan, first off thanks for the shout out. Why is there a kid on your webcam saying that he's being held against his... [Michael hangs up on Ryan] What will you do? Yeah. So, I'm paying full price? Here we go, sixty-five. You know what? There's two more. See ya, drive safely. Now what? Alright. Oh, I assume I'm going to be reimbursed for the pizzas. I have to go clean up after the party. Blah. Uhh. What? Coopers has calamari. Tokyo? Yes. Nice. Woo-hoo. I'm sorry, you guys are going to have to leave. Hey, you're the Scranton guy. I liked your statement tonight. Oh, very cool. It was funny to see Ryan all embarrassed by that. Later on. And I spent so much time in Scranton and I never sold any paper. I started a f*re with my cheese pita. I date Indian girls. Now I've got a beard, and I can do whatever I want, and I'm your boss. I don't get that, I don't understand that. Well, it's part of it, it's just the... uhhh. Michael just rented The Devil Wears Prada. He has his NetFlix sent here to the office, and he watches them in pieces when things are slow. He's a big Meryl Streep fan, so I shouldn't be surprised that he's identified with her character. A suit? Like the main company number? Because I'm gonna have to call information. Where's Armani? He's on the phone. Too slow. You are not going to Paris. I'm so much better than you are. [breaks into laughter] You finished the movie. No. Go ahead. You do. Well, they both go with the carpet I've ordered, and if you go with the brown leather on the sofas, then they go with that too. A futon's not a sofa. I know what a futon is, Michael. We have gone through this. Yes. Money has been a little tight lately. But, at the end of my life, when I'm sitting on my yacht, am I gonna be thinking about how much money I have? No. I'm going to be thinking about how many friends I have, and my children, and my comedy albums. I mean, I have a yacht, so I obviously did pretty well money wise. Conniving little runt. Put him through. [on the phone] I sent you an email about the new Powerpoint. I had IT install the updated Powerpoint on the computer so you can use it for the presentation. I really want people there using Powerpoint. Hold on, I'll get them on the phone. So, um, I forgot to tell you that I need the car tonight. Why? Improv? Why don't you just pretend you have a car? Good practice, incase you ever do a scene where you need to pretend you have a car? The bar uses an applause meter. That is why it's so important that you all come and applaud only for my band. Scrantonicity 2. NOT Scrantonicity, which I am no longer a part of. Michael, can I count on you? Uh, Michael. That reminds me, uh, if the invitation still stands, Pam and I would love to have dinner tonight. sh**t! We only had tonight free, and we really wanted to spend it with you. Where are you going out tonight? You wouldn't understand, Jim. It's a secret. Oh my gosh. What's going on here? We're a legit operation with a license from the city I can show you. We pay minimum wage against commision--- Everybody in the conference room. In 5 minutes. I just want to remind you to stick to the script. Improving the work. So, make the call, say the lines, make the sale. Got it? Or a woman. Mose, what are you doing? No Mose! Put the--- Put the manure down! Put it down! Do not throw it! DO NOT THROW IT! Ow! [on the phone] Yes, who is this? Michael? Why are you calling me here at home? Michael, I know that's you. Why are you calling me here at home? [on the phone] When I'm at home at night in my own house in my sweats drinking some red wine watching my mystery stories, the last thing in the whole God forsaken world I want to hear is the voice of Michael Scott. [hangs up phone] My office. Just dial the number on the sheet and stick to the script. Say those words exactly, got it? I don't know why we have to keep on having this conversation. A few more minutes is a waste of our time. You give a quick pitch. You make the sale. You move on. That's how Vikram does it. Good for Vikram, because he out-sells you every night. [reading to Jim, Pam, and Mose] And Harry saw the white hand raise its wand, and felt Voldemort's surge of vicious anger. Saw the frail old man on the floor write in agony. "Harry?" It was over quickly as it had come. Harry stood shaking in the darkness, clutching the gate in the garden, his heart racing. Oh it looks like mixed masala, eggplant, and rice. Oh, and what about you? Peanut butter flavor again? Enjoy. I was a surgeon back home. Oh yeah. Well this is your home. Uhh, no. [Pam sees Mose in an outhouse] Oh my God. What century is this? Dude, you should review movies. [other co-workers agree] Really? What's it about? We'd love for you to come, Michael. All right, next time dude. You drive, I had too much wine. I didn't go. I just didn't! How was improv? Good night. Thank you Michael. Well if you concentrate and make your calls faster, yeah. Okay, Michael, why dont you start us off? Ladies and gentlemen, your boss, Michael Scott. Ahh, still lame. Okay. All right. Thank you, Ryan, for that wonderful introduction. Okay, um, today we're gonna be talking... about...PowerPoint! PowerPoint! PowerPoint! PowerPoint! Yes I forgot about Ryan's presentation. And yes, it would have been nice to do well with the first presentation he had given me. But you know what else would have been nice? Winning the lottery. Is this the first time you ever opened PowerPoint? You didn't prepare a presentation at all, did you? I'm your boss. You have another job? You can not have another job if it affects your work here. It did, all ready. How long until you actually get this presentation ready? You know what I really want? Honestly Michael, is for you to know it, so you can communicate to the people here, to your clients, to whomever. What? No, it's whomever. Obviously it's a real word, but I don't know when to use it correctly. Yeah, that sounds right. It was Ryan wanted Michael, the subject, to explain the computer system, the object. To whomever, meaning us, the indirect object. Which is the correct usage of the word. Wait! This doesn't matter. And I don't even care. Michael, you quit the other job, or you're fired here. I've never done this before. I've never quit anything in my life. So, you are filming history. Never heard of it. Are you quitting? Come back anytime, don't forget to disinfect your headset. Now that I think about it, Angela and Andy might actually make a good couple. But I couldn't do that to Dwight... or Angela... or Andy. I do gamble Michael. The mob. [shakes head no] He's not even good at his first one. Shh. Michael. Michael, are you having money problems? You heard me correctly. What's going on, why do you have a second job? Doesn't Jan have money? True, it's best to hide our money problems from women. You just put it back in your pocket. Hey cuz, heard you're having money problems. Creed Bratton has never declared bankruptcy. When Creed Bratton gets in trouble, he transfers his debt to William Charles Schneider. You don't go by Monopoly man, that game is nuts. Nobody just picks up "get out of jail free" cards, those things cost thousands. Bankruptcy, Michael, is nature's do-over. It's a fresh start, it's a clean slate. Not at all. I've always wanted to be in the witness protection program. Fresh start, no debts, no baggage. I've already got my name picked out, Lord Rupert Everton. I'm a shipping merchant who raises fancy dogs. That's the life. Hey, I just wanted you to know that you can't just say the word bankruptcy and expect anything to happen. This is a lot of credit card debt. Mmm. Okay, a hundred and twenty-five dollars, Amazon. Twelve hundred dollars. What's a Core Blaster Extreme? Okay, the green bar is what you spend every month on stuff you need, like a car and a house. The red bar is what you spend on non-essentials, like magazines, entertainment, things like that. This scary black bar is what you spend on things that no one ever, ever needs, like multiple magic sets, professional bass fishing equipment. Michael, I'm going to set you and Jan up with a debt consolidator, you meet with this guy. She has to know. Michael, this is a presentation tool. I'm done! Jan is smart. [on phone] You're broke? [on phone] I'll be right there. Alright. [throws her keys at Oscar] Michael. What's going on? Well, why are you sitting on a train? Where are you going? What does that mean? Michael, come on. Running away from your problems won't solve anything. You know that. Your creditors can follow you anywhere with ease. Your debt follows you around the world, electronically. Uh, Michael, come on, come on, you can deal with this. It's not that bad. Well, when my life fell apart and they, and they screwed me in New York, and I felt like my whole world was collapsing around me, I didn't have anyone. I mean, my whole family still won't even talk to me, on the advice of counsel, and my friends were just waiting for this to happen. Michael, no, what I want to say is you were there for me. By my side. Without even a thought. That's just who you are. I mean, no matter how badly I treat you, or what I'm going through, you just, you are there for me. And that is a guy worth staying beside. So, where's this train taking us? [takes a ruler and shoves it between his desk and Jim's, knocking Jim's files on the floor] Hello, this is Dwight Schrute calling from Dunder-Mifflin, and according to our records you appear to be low on office supplies. Okay, sure, yeah I can take care of that right now. I'm keeping them. I know you like them. They're kind of uncomfortable though. It's kind of painful and my nipples are over-sensitive now. Dancing babies! Dancing babies! I love it! I love it! Football cream. Grr! I'm taking a computer animation class so I could try to do a logo. Look at that. Even the receptionist is getting in on the creativity. Very good, very good. Hey, how ya doin'? Hey, Michael. Let's do it, man. That sounds great. All right, good, well this is what we have to work with. Hoo hoo hoo-hoo! It's true, I give a mean backrub. I also do good aromatherapy [makes farting noise]. Not! You just got 'Nard dogged! Urban? I grew up in a small town. What about me seems urban to you? Stanley is hilarious. Phyllis is like our Mrs. Butterworth. Kind of a less urban Aunt Jemima. [looking at Oscar] Mama Bear! I signed up for Second Life about a year ago. Back then my life was so great that I literally wanted a second one. In my Second Life I was also a paper salesman and I was also named Dwight. Absolutely everything was the same. Except I could fly. [sh*t of Dwight's avatar flying around] Okay I can tell that your time is valuable--- That all sounds really, really ambitious. Why don't we show you what we did with the Nashua branch? Mmm. Okay. [commercial plays on laptop, peppy music in background] That's what we came up with. Yeah, it's the last five seconds where we have some leeway. Hello? What? I told you not to call about small problems. That's good. They're creative, you're not. It's not part of your job, it's like, maybe you can cook but it doesn't mean you should start a restaurant. Okay, I'm not really interested in that right now. I'm delegating creativity to creative professionals. It's a different skills set. Look, I wasn't good at sales, right? But I'm good at managing people who do sales . Are you? I don't think you're doing such a good job here, suppressing ideas and creativity. All right, let me ask you this, tell me if you think this is creative. When I was five, I imagined that there was such a thing as a unicorn. And this is before I had even heard of one, or seen one. I just drew a picture of a horse that could fly over rainbows, and had a huge spike in its head. And I was five, five years old. Couldn't even talk yet. Okay, when should we come back? Okay I'm not going to argue with this guy. Let's go. Good luck dude. [on phone] Michael, David Wallace. What is this about dismissing the ad people? I'm on Michael. This is weird. Okay, I'll see it tomorrow. Okay. [hangs up phone] And thus, Michael Scott sealed his own destiny. In a good way. Yes. I'm excited about doing the ad, but I'm not really used to doing videos with so many people around. [gasps] Sue Grafton is at the Steamtown Mall. She's doing a book signing right now. Bye everyone. The people person's paper people. What's rap? The people person's paper people. The people person's paper people. You're on your own, Mike. [gets up and starts to walk away] You just said you hated it. [singing] Break me off a piece of that lumber tar. Snickers bar. Break me off a piece of that Grey Poupon. [crying] Well, I got in line to buy Sue Grafton's book and when it came to my turn I asked if she wanted to be in the ad and she said no thank you, but I wasn't supposed to take no for an answer. So I kept on asking and they finally threw me out of the store in front of all my friends. [sobbing] No. Ohhhhhh D! [laughing] Ohhhh D! [on phone] Yes? Certainly. [makes beeping noises] Okay, clear. They could call at any second now. [sighs] Oh God...I better call. Hey it seemed like a big h*t. Michael, that was fun. Look, for the record, a certain Scranton salesman approached me, okay? He looks like your twin. I will know. I won't need to because we'll be together playing hooky. Yeah. I don't understand why sleeping at your desk is better than you not being here. I got an offer from Utica for more money, and I'm going to take it. What? [applause] Oh, I don't think that is what's happening. I think it's because of my sales record. That could not possibly be it. You cannot take the hilarious black guy from the office. Stanley is part of what makes this branch so extraordinary. The bluesy wisdom, the sassy remarks, the crossword puzzles, the smile, those big watery red eyes. I don't know how George Bush did it when Colin Powell left, and if Utica thinks that they are going to poach Stanley, they have another thing coming. Money. Money. Money. [on phone] Hello? Michael... Listen, I- I'm- You called me. I'm pretty sure his family's coming with him. Toby's not a salesperson. Oooh. Good-bye Michael. I have Ben Nugent on the line, he is the top salesman in Utica. Hi Michael. [giggles] Everyone says Scranton branch is worse than Camden. Didn't everyone from Stanford quit, like immediately? Seriously? Found him! So what are you going to do? Did they? It's Vivaldi, for Finer Things. We just passed the exit for Corcroan. What? What? We did?Dwight and Surprise! Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. Egg dripping, blah, blah, blah. Well, gee, Jim, I don't know, I guess there's no sales call today. We're going to Utica? I'm not going to Utica right now. No. [chanting] Utica! Utica! I can't believe you guys. I'm not going to go further piss off my ex-girlfriend. He's lying. No communication with the outside world Jim. Okay. You know what? I'm just going to call a cab from here. Alright. Wait, what are you planning on doing? Oh, God. [hangs up phone] Or real b*mb. Yeah, come on, it will be so badass. No. Are you kidding me? We've been driving around with this stuff in the trunk the whole time? So the deal was, Dwight doesn't blow anything up, and I wear a costume. And a moustache. What? Okay, you know what? Why don't we play that alphabet game that you were talking about? It doesn't matter. Doesn't matter. That doesn't make sense, couldn't be. Oh my God! Hey, you're making me spray! Michael! Michael, pull over! Believe it. No, Michael. I'm not leaving the car. Guy's going by. Shh. I'm gonna miss you man, you've been like an uncle to me. Like a kind old uncle Remus. I wanna stay in touch. Well... There's a security guard coming by. Hello, we're warehouse workers. Would you like more proof? Alright, Great Scott, if you found that choking hazard poster, just head on home. Isn't that thing huge? No, that is a terrible idea, don't do this. My hip bone! Don't leave us! Okay! First of all, stop using my name. And second of all- Damn it guys! Did you say Karen? No, I'm not doing that. No, I'm not doing that! Then we will burn Utica to the ground. I... will... [gives up and walks away] We tried and we failed. Stanley, you may go. Here is a box, for your things, but I doubt that that box will be able to contain all the memories that you have of this place. Fly away sweet little bird, fly away and be free. Pam, I'm gonna need some help writing a want ad. Michael? A word? I changed my mind, I wanna keep this job. Oh, it wasn't camping, it was more of a wilderness retreat. [Michael walks in] Ryan invited me to go on his wilderness adventure retreat. It was this amazing, beautiful experience [Michael knocks on the window behind Toby from outside] Michael wasn't invited. Got it. When Michael plays the hypothetical game, I always say yes. Yeah? Oh, can't go today, 'cause I'm donating blood. Is there a limit? Well, is that it? Or? How so? What's that? Right. Not gonna change. I thought we had that looked at. I'm sick of it Jim. I'm sick of this place. When Jan and I had satellite, we used to watch a reality show called "Survivorman." And, it was interesting because it was about a guy who would go out in the middle of no where and just try not to die, try not to get eaten by an animal, or be overexposed. [winks] I'm on it. [leaves room] Let's see if any of these will work. [clears the front of Michael's desk] I keep various w*apon strategically placed around the office. I saved Jim's life with a can of pepper spray I had velcroed under my desk. People say, "Oh, it's dangerous to keep w*apon in the home or the work place." Well I say, "It's better to be hurt by someone you know accidentally, than by a stranger on purpose." Do you want me to ask where you're going? Great. Oh. Hmm, no, the choice is actually yours. Are you sure you want to do this? OK, great. Yup. no, I do not. No, I would never leave you for dead. You would never escape. I would make sure that you were dead. First, I would remove your teeth and cut off your fingertips so you could not be identified. And they would call me the Overkill k*ller. What are you doing? It would be better if you were unconscious. Do you want to do this right or not? There are thirteen people working in this office, so thirteen times a year Michael gets a cake and balloons, and some sort of joke gift and makes a toast. There are two types of toasts. One is a joke about how old you are. And the other is something inappropriate. Or horrible. Or both. What else? He only sings the high harmony to "Happy Birthday." And he's a very big believer in surprise parties. Maybe even, arguably, possibly to a fault. Ahhh!! [drops the papers she was holding] Ahhh! [runs into door and Michael laughs] We're here. [gets out of the car] Good a spot as any. [They stop and Dwight starts spinning Michael around in circles] I'm just -- Spin. I'm trying to confuse your sense of direction. [stops spinning and takes Michael's blindfold off] Behold. Here's your Kn*fe. Here's your duct tape. Good luck, Michael. You tell her it's for Creed. She'll know what that means. I lied to Michael. I said that I would leave him alone, but I will not. I will remain close by to provide unseen moral support, but I will never help him. I will let harm befall him. I will even let him die. But I will never let him lose his dignity. There we go. [standing with short sleeves and short pants] Much better. Now everything I brought with me can be used. My sport coat here, can be fashioned into a backpack of sorts [ties jacket around neck]. I'm going to wear what was once one of my pant legs. [puts pant leg on head like a hat] See, this is a beautiful piece of material [rips other pant leg in half] This could be used for all sorts of things. Mushroom caps. Michael is a man of great depth and passion. I don't know what he's searching for out here. [pulls a nest from a tree] I hope he finds it. [picks up some bird eggs] Lunch. About two more minutes [cooking bird eggs]. Nothing! Nothing going on. We're talking about nothing. C'mon g*ng. Yup, Phyllis called me Michael. And I will always and forever be haunted by that fact. Happy Birthday to you. Happy Birthday to you. Happy Birthday [Michael joins in with high note] to Creed. Happy Birthday to you. [Creed blows up candles on pie] Yeah! [everybody clapping] Alright, skip around the room. Skip around the room. We want -- OK, alright. Yeah, don't do that. You're gonna break something. Man became civilized for a reason. He decided that he liked to have warmth, and clothing, and television, and hamburgers, and to walk upright, and to have a soft futon at the end of the day. He didn't want to have to struggle to survive. I don't need the woods. I have a nice wood desk. I don't need fresh air, because I have the freshest air around, A.C. And I don't need wide open spaces. Check it out. [shows off computer screen scenery] I can also make it the sky. Hey. Sure glad you're back. You have no idea. Well, I tried to put all the birthdays together at once. So, terrible idea. You did do it? Well, I don't think I'll be here in ten years. That's what who said? That's what she said. So the figures show improvement right there, Michael. And again- [Pam walks in and shows Michael a note] Every time Michael's in a meeting, he makes me come in and give him a Post-It note telling him who's on the phone. I did it once, and he freaked out. He loved it so much. The thing is he doesn't get that many calls. So he has me make them up every 10 minutes. [laughing] You can't always work 200 days though. You have to know how to work this. There's no excuse for this. I can get you a tutor if you need- [Pam walks in and shows Michael a note with a waving, smiling Hot Dog saying "Hiya Buddy"] Oh, no, no, no, customer service is obviously priority one. You can take the call. Take the call, friend. I insist you take your work calls. I don't know, it's just, ugh, I never felt welcomed there, you know? It's such a...boys club. Good. And they displayed a pattern of disrespect and inappropriate behavior. Um, no, I want it up. My hair. Remember, it isn't just a pattern, It's a pattern of disrespect, and inappropriate behavior. Does this work for you? Uh, come on Micheal, that's tacky. Four million. No, Michael. Oh, come on. Stop saying ridiculous things. He's just gonna tell the truth, the truth is-is very...you know, complicated, so we went over it carefully, and-and just so we wouldn't leave anything up to chance or Michael's judgment. Michael, I told you, I am not putting the top down. All right, fine, just a second. Hold on. A good start. And I think it's busload. Hey Michael. Could we talk off the record? As friends? Jan... has put the company in a very tough position here. Now you've been with us for a long time. Over 10 years, right? We just want to be sure that you won't do anything to hurt us with your testimony. Do you understand? Good. That is great to hear. Hi everyone, I'm Diane Kelly. I'm the company's chief legal counsel. Toby? Michael, I'm your HR Rep. I'm on your side. You know, I think they're, uh ready for us now. So.. Mr. Scott. Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth? Mr. Scott, can you describe the circumstances of Ms. Levinson's termination? How long have you known the plaintiff? How long have you known Ms. Levinson? And you were directly under her the entire time? Excuse me? Ms. Levinson told you she was your direct superior? With all due respect, I'm in the middle of a line of questioning. Now Mr. Scott, what did you say Ms. Levinson said? Regarding your employment status with respect to her corporate position. That's what she said. Did Ms. Levinson ever say why she thought she was being fired? Can you be more specific? Who are the twins? You don't need to go any further. Her breasts. She thought it had something to do with her recent breast enhancement surgery? What about your romantic relationship with Ms. Levinson? Could that have played a part in her termination? Interesting. How so? Okay, the company has just a few clarifying questions, Mr. Scott, if that's okay with you? Um would you mind please just, uh, taking a quick look at, uh, this photograph please. [Diane hands Michael the photo of Jan and Michael in Jamaica] That is you and Ms. Levinson in Jamaica, is that correct? And that photograph was taken more than two months prior to this start of your relationship. Does that sound right? Mr. Scott, the timeline here is actually very important. Please, when did your relationship actually begin? Wait, excuse me? No, uh, are you telling me that your relationship began two years ago and not in February as you previously testified to here? All of my heroes are table tennis players. Zoran Primorac, Jan-Ove Waldner, Wang Tao, Jörg Roßkopf, and of course Ashraf Helmi. I even have a life size poster of Hugo Hoyama on my wall. And the first time I left Pennsylvania was to go the hall of fame induction ceremony of Andrzej Grubba. Wait, we'd like to enter to the record a page from Michael Scott's personal journal. This is plaintiff's exhibit 107. I quote from an entry dated Janruary 4 of this past year. "Just got back from Jamaica. Tan almost everywhere. Jan almost everywhere. Hehe. Oh diary, what a week. I had sex with my boss. I don't know if it's going to go anywhere. Jan was very specific that this is not going anywhere, that it was a one time mistake. But we had sex six times so you tell me. I am definitely feeling very eerie." We're gonna need to see a copy of that entire journal before we proceed. Eleven, sure. And we'll break for lunch, so everyone can have a look. [nods] ...You know, I, uh, I know a little about what you're going through in a way. Um, when I was a kid, my parents got divorced. They both wanted custody, and they both asked me to testify against the other one in court. So, I don't know, I didn't want them getting divorced in the first place you know? I loved them both so much. I just wanted... [Michael pushes Toby's food tray off the table and walks off] I had to, I'm sorry but I need to win this. We need to win this. You keep it under my side of the mattress. Alright, I stole your diary and gave it to my lawyer. You emailed a topless photo of me to everyone in our company. Let's call it even. [looking at a copy of Michael's diary] Mr. Scott, who is this other woman, Ryan? Who you refer to her as "Just as hot as Jan, but in a different way." [laughs out loud] Excuse me. OK Mr. Scott, it's, it's admirable the way you defend a woman who is so obviously ambivalent about her relationship with you. Considering she consistently gave you such poor performance reviews. Mr. Scott, this is a copy of a particularly negative performance review. Would you mind, uh, reading the date on that please? [slides the performance review towards Michael] And that would be a month after your relationship became official, is that correct? You may read the, uh, highlighted portion out loud if you'd like to. Mr. Scott, after hearing that wouldn't you say Ms. Levinson's judgment is, at least, very seriously flawed? ...Right. Spin-serve! [serves, and Dwight scores] Michael, I am not the enemy, OK? Dunder Mifflin is the enemy. "Yes." I have one more question, Mr. Scott. Wouldn't you agree with Ms. Levinson that the company exhibits a pattern of disrespect toward its employees? Michael. I am very sorry. No, no, no, no, no. This was rough. We never meant for you to get caught in the middle of this. I'm very sorry. Yeah? Thanks, Michael. Why did I do it? I don't know. Jan said that it was because of the photo that she revealed the diary. But she already brought the diary with her to New York, so... You expect to get screwed by your company, but you never expect to get screwed by your girlfriend. How about Chinese? That was my cheap suggestion. Chinese was my cheap suggestion. Do you have any idea what time we'll get out of here? Nope I don't, remember when you told us not to make plans 'cause we're working. Thank you Michael. I think you did. Oh, I- Michael, what time should I be arriving? Hi. How are you? Chilly huh? So glad we finally got to do this with you guys. You wanna take their coats babe? Let's see, since I saw you an hour ago? I have been getting ready and then driving over here. Really? Oh well Pam, thank you, this will be great to cook with. Tour, let's do the tour first. Do you have a preference babe? Upstairs first? Oh, you guys doing a little construction? Yeah, so sorry about this God-awful carpet, we're still a work in progress here. This is my office. Not super exciting. And this is my workspace. Uh-huh. Uh-huh, Bonfire. Men love this one. So this is the master bedroom, and these walls used to like white, like an asylum. So I wanted it to be softer, So I had it painted in eggshell white. [puts away video camera facing the bed] Babe I thought you said you were going to tidy things up. What a cute bench. Really? 'cause... seems pretty narrow... and short. See, he fits perfectly. Wow. What is that chestnut? Yeah, he tried to set up my TIVO for me but then I didn't have audio for a week. It was between the neon beer sign and the Dundies so I said "Honey keep the trophies." [doorbell] Oh, excuse us just a second. [Michael tries to hug Angela] No, no. Oh, how thoughtful. You know Pam, in Spain they often don't start eating until midnight. Do you have a preference, upstairs first? Follow me. All right. Cheers. So music, should we turn some music? You took me by the hand, Made me a man, That one night, You made everything all right, So raw, so right, All night, all right, Oh yeah, Oh yeah, So raw, so right, All night, all right, Oh yeah. Why didn't you just say 49ers quarterback? No. I was watching Jim. No smiling. Oh okay. You can buy new stuff but you can't buy a new party. Michael, you're up. No no no, no names, no names, no rhyming, no soundalikes. Katie Holmes. Oh, Dawson's Creek. Another clue, another clue. Tom Cruise! Time! [Michael offers his coat to Pam, who is shivering] Oh, thank you. [eyes Pam] I'm so, so sorry for the temperature in here. The um, sliding glass door shattered. It's actually a really cute story. Do you wanna tell it babe or should I tell it? Come on, it's a cute story, Michael ran through the sliding glass doors because he thought he heard the ice cream truck! You are so right, you're so right because before I lived here, the glass was always covered in smudges, and then I moved in and I cleaned it so I guess that makes me the Devil. Mmhmm. Oh no she just put it in front of my face. I'm sorry, are you really trying to get us to invest in Jan's company? Yes, What are you doing here? We weren't invited? Fine, whatever you want, just like always, whatever you want. We saw Wicked. I am so sorry that I don't want to bring kids into this screwed-up world, okay? But look if you want to have kids, then fine you win. Let's have a [bleep]ing kid. The thought of popping one of your beets into my mouth makes me want to vomit. [whispers] Like... like what? [Michael dips his steak into his wine] Can you not do that? It's disgusting. Oops. Nevermind. That's nice. Hey babe? How about we take the beer sign down until our guests leave and then we can discuss it. Ok. [gets up and goes over to the stereo and turns on Hunter's CD really loud] At least he's an artist. [shouting] AND I'M A CANDLEMAKER BUT YOU DON'T HEAR ME BRAGGING ABOUT IT! FOR AN INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY! YOU BURN IT. YOU BUY IT! AND YOU'RE HARDLY MY FIRST! It's getting late. Not now Dwight, We got a call about a disturbance? The neighbors said they heard some shouting. You wanna press charges? Yes. She'd be charged. [puts his hand on the Officer's shoulder] Michael can come home with me. You people. [to Michael] Come on. You're sleeping with me. I'm gonna take you home Michael. [to Michael who is looking at a chair catalog] Did you pick a new chair? It's been awhile. Michael started the process of selecting a new chair about three weeks ago. And normally I wouldn't care, but he promised me his old one. It's way better. It's one of these. [makes a shrrhhh sound of a chair moving downward as Pam slumps down] I really want it. Her? The one in the really great mesh black high-back swivel chair? Or in a great chair. I definitely remember your dinner party. Actually, I put the catalog in your hands 'cause you have to pick out a new chair. What is it like being single? I like it. I like starting each day with a sense of possibility. And I'm optimistic because every day I get a little more desperate and desperate situations yield the quickest results. When Pam gets Michael's old chair, I get Pam's old chair. Then I'll have two chairs. Only one to go. Call us when you get there so we know you're OK. [Andy gets up and leaves] If I had someone to set you up with Michael, then I'd take her for myself. Nope. Stacy broke up with me. Not anymore. It's a bitter situation. Yeah... ugh. She's... [gets up and leaves] you don't deserve her. Alright. Michael? I have a friend who's single. Sandy. She's gorgeous and she's got a feisty personality, too. Umm, no, she's a professional softball player. Umm I don't know Michael. What are you asking? No, alright no, she can't fit in a row boat. Damn it, I knew it! I knew it Phyllis! OK! What is wrong with these people? I would do anything for them and they're just hanging me out to dry. I don't think that this is--- Because of the construction at W.B. Jones, half of us have to park in the satellite lot. No, thirty. Yes. ...So help us out. Michael, please he-- We won't let you down. Yeah, whatever. [Jim holds up the card] [Pam laughs] Give it to me. Give it to me. Wendy's. This isn't Wendy. Dude, this is a Wendy's restaurant. You have to come to the restaurant to order food. It's ready now. OK, I have collected the rest of the ladies. I wrote that. Michael, you shouldn't have to settle. This is my pledge to you. I will find her and I will bring her to you and as God as my witness, she shall bear your fruit. The furniture company gave me the name of the advertising agency. They gave me the name of the photographer. The photographer, a Spaniard, used a Wilkes-Barre modeling agency. The agency gave me the following information. [reads from notepad] Deborah Shoshlefski. 142 South Windsor Lane. Dead. Car accident. Case closed. She was so young and now she is dead. As dead as every dead animal who has ever d*ed. Michael, you didn't even know her. Jim, how dare you. [Jim's face is in shock] OK Michael, you know what? I might have someone for you. No, I mean it. [walks towards Michael] She's really nice and sweet and you guys might actually get along. [hands over card to Michael] I'm setting Michael up with my land lady. She's really sweet and... whatever, I just can't take Michael like this. We need to assemble the five families. The five families are the five companies of Scranton Business Park. The bosses rarely meet. There's Michael Scott, Regional Manager, Dunder Mifflin. Bob Vance, Vance Refrigeration. Paul Faust of Disaster Kits Limited. They call him "Cool Guy Paul." W.B. Jones of W.B. Jones Heating and Air. Grade A Bad Ass. And Bill Cress of Cress Tool and Dye. Bill Cress is super old and really mean. [to Andy] I'm calling the meeting anyway. Michael? Are you Michael Scott? Oh, I'm sorry, I'm, I'm supposed to be meeting someone named Michael. Michael? Michael? [reads cup] Large hot chocolate with caramel and a sh*t of peppermint. You're asking what I do with the checks that people write to me? Just making conversation. I don't know. She's beautiful. I'm gonna head out. That's incredibly rude. After Stacy left, things did not go well for awhile. And, and it was hard to see... [starts breaking up] It's just nice to win one. She's sweet and cute. I thought you'd get along. I am not kidding. [shows camera an engagement ring] Got it a week after we started dating. You know what you need? Closure. There was a woman in your life who affected you very deeply, and she left before you could say good bye. I think you need to say good bye. Did I do this for me? No, I did this for the little guy. For Joe Sixpack. The guy who wakes up every morning in his four hundred dollar a month apartment, wonders how's he gonna pay his mortgage that month. Wonders how he's gonna fill his car up with oil. Wonders how I'm gonna pay my kid's orphanage bills. That guy shouldn't have to wonder where he's gonna park. I guess you could say she d*ed of blunt force trauma and blood loss. She got in a car accident and plowed into the side of an airplane hanger. Yeah. She was stoned apparently. You wait until next year's chair catalog comes out and you find someone who's still alive. How could I have thought that? How could I have thought that? [singing] OH! You believe in rock 'n roll. Can music save your mortal soul? And then [jumbling up the words] can you have to dance real slow. Well, I know that you're in love with him. 'Cause I saw you dancing in the gym. [more jumbled words] 'You both kicked off your shoes. Those rhythm and blues... Rhythm and blues... What's wrong Michael? You do. You've got a ton of dandruff. How'd you get gum in your hair? But best case scenario, you thought it was a quarter. We have peanut butter in the kitchen. No Dwight, not the good peanut butter. People are going to get mad. Hey, hey, hey. This is my hair we're talking about. Taste good too. Wow! Lot of calories. Hey Michael, how was your date last night? [sighs] Watch your back Jim. I'm just kidding. Ok thanks Michael. Yeah I have a lot of questions. Number one, how dare you? [slow clapping] Ryan has done a very good job, and I am not applauding sarcastically. Think about it, a month ago nobody would go on this site because we were worried about getting molested, or losing our identity, having it stolen. But now, at a time TDB, all of the problems will be in the past. Ya done good kid, ya done good. You too. Michael let me go. Let me go Michael. Na. Sorry man. But seriously, you should see the girls I meet at clubs in the city. Unreal. Bye everyone. Stay real Scranton, alright. Peace. What? I'm gonna go to my desk. I know. I can't. I'm not single. Pam. That's still going on? No, singles only, singles only. Also three is unlucky. Curse of three. We get it. [laughs] With sex! So I caught everyone before they left and I told them my idea, and they loved it. Because this is a group that respects good ideas... the one time a year they hear one. Ryan's assistant told us that he would be at this club this evening. It is called Prerogative. f*re hazard. Women look like white slaves. I don't know man, when you think about it, Cabo's really the third world. I don't go to a place like that to see more poverty you know. You go there to get some glamour. Michael. What are you doing here? That is so awesome man! And you brought this guy! Aww! I know it's you guys. I'm so psyched you're here! Woooo! Let's get a drink. Guys, I want you to meet a really good friend of mine, this is Troy. Bottle service ya'll? We don't serve food here. Phyllis. I've never heard of that movie. How old are you? Wow. That's so cool. Well I'm gonna go back to my group now. Thanks for the drink. You are welcome. Did you want a place where we could meet older women? Hell yeah. I'll hook it up. [smashes beer bottle on the floor] [to Dwight, Michael and Troy] It's off. It's not the dude I know. It's some other loser who won't let us in without chicks. It's not safe. Anything could have been in there. [to girls] Nice try. That's one aspect of small pet grooming. What do you do? I am a bank teller. Cool. Yeah. I'm just gonna just use the powder room. So I'll see ya soon. Very perfect. [girl walks away, Michael laughs] Oh my [notices Dwight making out with Tall Girl #1] This needs to be shared. [takes a picture with his camera phone] [Cut to the office - All Office co-workers cell phones go off. They notice the picture Michael has sent and all groan] You're doing it man. Hey man, you ever think there's gonna be this massive nuclear holocaust, and after all the major nations are destroyed they'll just be the tribes in the jungle that rise up and survive? The jungle w*r fare's gonna rule the world? It's inevitable, right? Will do. [hangs up] I'll stop calling. More like "Everyone let's get your boss laid Saturday." [more laughs] [Toby puts his hand on Pam's knee, everyone stares, Toby removes his hand] I have an announcement uh, to make. I am moving to Costa Rica. Thought about it for a long time now. And I'm finally gonna do it. So, I'm just gonna hop the fence and jog home now. [runs out of lobby and climbs the fence and jogs away] Why wouldn't they let me dance? OK I gotta go. Do not take him to a hospital. [runs away] Uh huh. [to Ryan and Michael] I'm not gonna call her. I don't wanna go back in. Wow. All right. Nice. I got sofa. I got sofa. I got floor. No. [Dwight starts singing in German] It's a lullaby. I think his species might have a higher tolerance than ours. OK. Good night Ryan. Best night ever. Michael we don't know what you're talking about... Michael you could put your initials in it. Yeah that's true. We-- we-- Well-- When I was a little girl... We-we found some wet cement in the park... In our neighborhood... What did we write? Here it is, you should draw a picture... Cause that says, that says... So much more than words... Ok, ok, I was watching E!, and I saw Will Smith outside the Chinese Theater, and omhmygod, he looked so good... She's talking about the handprints that celebrities make in the cement. If you were a real star you would put your face in it. Michael that doesn't seem... safe. We are here today, not to immortalize a man, but an idea... Maybe the idea of a man. And... go. [Michael sticks his face in the cement] Force it in as deep as you can. [muffled] That's what she said. [wearing glasses] Um... yeah, I slept over at a, uh, friend's house and, I forgot my contact solution, so... I had to wear my backup glasses... Shut up. I don't have my contacts... Ub, dub dah, don't need, I can't even hear you. It's just noise coming out of an ugly scientist. Um, everybody, we're going to have a little brainstorming session in the conference room. Well, it's too late, because I'm proposing... that you get me a cup of coffee, which would energize me greatly, and make me the happiest man in the world. What if we changed our outgoing answering machine message, so it just had a little more... zing, and a little more pep? What about if we did an even newer voicemail message that had even more zing and pep? An urban thing... Not me. No. Leave me alone, dammit. DID I STUTTER? Can I talk to you a second? Uh, I really think that you need to address what happened with Stanley this morning... Well, you know, Stanley was openly insubordinate. Yeah. He didn't seem like he was joking. Alright... Well, um, if you really believe that Stanley was joking... Um, why don't you go ask him that? You know, Michael, sometimes my daughter's stomach hurts when there's a mean girl at school... What. What are you talking about? Jim is in charge of Stanley only in sales-related matters, hence the green line--green for money-sales, get it? There is this yellow zigzag that does give Ryan the authority to discipline Stanley... However, in so doing, it zigs past your name, hence zagging you and making you appear weak. Thus the yellow color. Yellow for cowardly. Menstrual cycles. You. Well, there is the emergency disaster mode for the org chart. This gives me full authority over every single person in the office. All you have to do it say it. Just say it. Say it. Just do it. Don't think, say it. Do it. Five, four, three, two... do it. Give me control. Michael... I promise to give authority back to you when this crisis is over. Do it, Michael. Do it. Hey, this office needs a strong man. Say it. Mike. I'm very busy here, man. Why? No, no, no... No, um... I have. Both. Yeah them, and the Latin Kings... the Warriors... Newsies. Oh my goodness. Well see, um... in the g*ng world, we use something called Fluffy Fingers. That's when somebody really gets in your face, you know, you just... start tickling them. Yeah, and then he starts tickling you. You know, pretty soon you're laughing and hugging. Before you know it, you've forgotten the whole thing. Ya'll can just go to church together... get an ice cream cone. a stupid, idiotic, numbskull named Andy Bernard sold his Xterra to a smart and capable man named Dwight. This is shaping up to be an awesome day for Dwight. What does that mean? That's not a good idea. Well, you can actually f*re him. Why are you telling us this? Michael, if you hadn't told us this, then we would've thought that you were actually f*ring him. I'm not f*ring him. I'm not, I need you to act like I am f*ring him. Just, what I'm going to do, is I'm going to pretend that I am f*ring him, and I need you to act like I am f*ring him. Do you get that? Do you get it? I'm teaching him a lesson. He needs to learn humility, alright? That's all I'm, okay, here he comes. Let's just... play act. [Stanley enters the room] Stanley, may I talk to you for a second? Are you serious? You're f*ring me over three words. Have you lost your mind? Do you think I'm gonna let you do this to me? I've watched you screw up this office for ten years, and I'm filing a lawsuit, and I'm gonna tell them about every stupid thing you've ever done up in this office. So I'm not fired. Oh yes, I do. You are out of your damn, little pea-sized, mind. What is wrong with you? Do you have any sense? At all? Do you have any idea how to run an office? Every day you do something stupider than you did the day before. And I think, "there's no possible way-- He can top that." But what do you do?! You find a way, dammit, to top it! You are professional idiot! Who? [chuckling] It's Michael versus Stanley, and it is the clash of the titans. In one corner, you have Michael, and he is mad. And then, in the other corner, you have Stanley, and he's mad. So that's about it! Oh, for the love of God. you are a person I do not respect. The things you say, your actions, your methods, and style. Everything you would do, I would do it the opposite way. Michael I have known you a very long time, and the more I've gotten to know you, the less I've come to respect you. Any other theories? Fair enough. I am good person, and sometimes, good people don't get no respect. Rodney Dangerfield. [as Rodney Dangerfield] Hey, I don't get no respect. No respect at all. When I was in the sandbox as a kid, I got not respect. My wife likes to talk after sex, so she called me from a hotel room, and said, "I don't respect you!" Ahh, thoughtless. Aw, you know what don't get no respect? Airplane food. Why don't they just make the plane out of the airline food? My wife don't get no respect, some--take her, please, for example. [as Jeff Foxworthy] If you don't get no respect, you might be redneck. [as Borat] Respect is niiice. Borat. [as Rodney Dangerfield] What's the deal with Grapenuts? No grapes, no nuts. I don't get no respect! That's the dumbest thing I ever heard. [laughs] Yes. [small fist-pumps from both Pam and Oscar.] Yeah, I'm pretty excited too. Hey, are we doing this thing? Oh my God, Darryl, you look like Barack Obama. Everybody I'm dating Barack Obama! [in a dress shirt and tie] Like what? [simultaneously] Thank you. What college did you go to Mike? So many memories in this old gym. Pretending I have PMS so I didn't have to play volleyball, pretending I have PMS so I didn't have to play basketball. Those were the days! [holds up single sheet of paper] Um, that's all we brought. We'll see. [laughs] Yeah, and uh, you basically learn how an office runs. This is Michael, my boss. [she points] Justin. He's nice and he seems interested. Hi. Sorry for wasting your time. I only brought the one. Michael, do you remember, you specifically told me to only bring one sheet of paper? You said it only takes one sheet to make a difference. And I said, "Are you sure Michael?" And you said "Pam! Pam! Pam!" And then you sneezed in my tea, and then you said, "Don't worry, it's just allergies." Do you remember that? Okay. I'll go look for another one. [she leaves] So I guess I'll just... work on my short game. What is this company? Thanks. [walks away] Dammit, Oscar! My old art room. [finds a sheet of blank paper] Oh, maybe it's still here! [looks for her painting] No. No they must have taken it down. Never mind. Michael, I know you're swamped. I just thought you should know that everyone in the office has left, except for Angela and I. Do not worry though, I have taken down their names, and I have docked them a personal day. So... what else is up? [Michael hangs up] Mich- A piece of paper. Well I think they'll get the spirit of it. Are you serious? [hums at copier, Angela waiting behind him] All of these jobs? Suck. I would rather live jobless, on a beach somewhere, off the money from a large inheritance, than to have to work in any one of these crap-holes. They suck. Hey! [walks up to Oscar and Darryl tossing basketballs, grabs Oscar's ball] Game over. [kicks the ball up to the gymnasium ceiling] Hi. Polznik. This... just in. Justin Polznik! Huh? Justin is the ugly girl in the movie, who takes off her glasses and she's hot! And you realize she was always hot, she was just wearing glasses. And that you were the blind one. He's the most... important thing in my life right now. Hi. Excuse me. Why, why wouldn't you say that to her face? You didn't want me before. That's what you said. You were kind of a jerk to me. And I'm, I'm gonna go now. The job fair will be closing in five minutes. Eighth period will commence as scheduled. Oooh! [Kevin and Andy add suggestive "bow-chicka-wow-wow" vocals] Today I did something stupid. I questioned myself. And I will never do that again. Because I look at somebody like Jim Halpert and I think, that guy can do anything he wants to do. He could do anything, and he chooses to work here, selling paper. Just like me. [slams cell phone on desk] Argh! Ahh!! Morning. I feel weird. We have a buttercream cake and a slideshow of Toby. But so far we only have two pictures of him. Do you mean, leaves as in dies? You want us to throw Toby a New Orleans' funeral? Michael... No. You know-no! You always do this! We have a nice, modest party planned, and then you come in and demand the world. Let me be clear. There is simply no money for anything other than a cake and to develop a few more slides... although Toby won't be in them. I thought that you might say that. [takes off his shoe; hums; takes out cash from shoe] Every year, my sweet, sweet grandmother sends me a check on my birthday for fifty dollars. And lately, she has been sending me, like nine or ten checks a year... uh, as Nana starts to... but, I knew I should be saving it for something, I just didn't know what I should be saving it for. And then I had an awakening. "Michael, buy a motorcycle." So I put the money in my shoe, and then I forgot about it until now. No! No! You know what? This is not a party-planning committee anymore! And I don't want your foot money, and I feel uncomfortable participating. I want to introduce you to... So what do we know about her? I hate her too. Because she... stinks... with her... ways... and her... head. Would that be such a bad thing? What? But our, our elevator doesn't require a pa... [gasps] Okay. Hey Michael. I'd like to introduce you to my replacement. Come on. Hi. Man, someone doesn't like H.R. Nothing. Yeah, I know what you mean. I nearly fell asleep when he gave me a tour of the files. Um, well look, I'll let you get back to work, but I-I really look forward to working with you, Mr. Scott. Y-You can-Michael. Yeah. Oh... [laughs along] Nice, I've never heard that one before actually. That's good. No, no, I... Ooh, uh... Um... Y-yeah. Okay. Thanks. Hello? That's not it. Yeah. Close. Mmhmm. What are the two levels? Mmhmm. Okay. Let's start with the "I love you" level. Yes. You don't love Holly. But you just met her. Oh, okay, it doesn't work like that. Actually, I think I am. And I have a little bit of experience in office romance. Yeah. We've been through this. Yes, we are still dating. And guess what? I took it slow. Well, we're really happy. And that's really sweet. And you can think that. But you don't say that out loud, and you definitely don't say it to her. [tool clicking] Damn it! Oh, I'm trying to adjust the lumbar support on Toby's chair and... that made this up/down lever thing not work, and then I took the whole chair apart, and that... is the story of me on the floor. It's pretty good, right? You know, I'm gonna sell the movie rights. Yoga. [as Yoda] Pass curvy metal piece, you will. Ohh, so you can't make my orgy? Kidding! [overdramatically] Acting! [laughs] Lovitz. Yeah. What'd you do? Wow. Okay, so how'd that feel? Oh, I'm so glad you didn't. There you go. There's plenty of base-laying left, right?... Hey. Hey! [Michael and Holly are still working on the chair] What'd you guys do? Well, we still have to do the exit interview. Yes we do. [Michael hands him a present] Wow, thanks, Michael, I... [enters conference room] Hello. You too. Yeah, I know, that's why I'm here. No, no, I'll look at it later. It's part of my job. Okay. I'm Toby. Um, I-I brought the binder. Do you wanna take a little look? Here you go. This place, um... I've got some ideas, I guess... Well let me see... I would, uh... Toby, why don't you open your present? [unwraps present; present is a rock with a Post-It note rubber-banded to it; reads] "Suck on this." Michael... You did. You made me wrap it. I thought it was over the line. I just- [Michael slams conference room door in his face] So what is your gift? What is it? Your watch? I just knew. Oh that is so sweet. Thanks, I'm gonna set it to Costa Rica time. once as office sales, once as website sales. Which is what we refer to in the business as "misleading the shareholders." Another good term is "fraud." The real crime, I think, was the beard. Michael, are you okay? Oh, of course you are. No, hey. Stop. You can let yourself be upset. He's your friend. You know what I usually find?... Kevin, take your shoes off first! Sorry, Michael, I don't think they're real. Oh, it was a pretty good company, but I just couldn't see a future there. They kept hiring from the outside. It was easy to get in but impossible to rise up. I think it's really cool you hired Kevin. Okay, here we go. Here we go. [Mose carries a raccoon in a cage] Put it in. [he puts the raccoon in the car] That-That's my car. [Mose drops cage and runs] Mose! N-nothing you need to know the details of. N-no there's not. It was playful hazing. It's not rabid. Get it out. Come on, get it out. Get it out. Michael, thank you so much for saying that. [puts a hand on his arm] I feel so welcome here. I just... Um, excuse me. Bye. Kevin, I'm really proud of you. [everyone applauds] Yay, Phyllis! Song parody writer. Classic. I like that one. Yeah. [music starts] I'm gonna to miss Toby. He has a nice, calming presence in the office. Don't tell him I said this, but I always thought he was kinda cute. Not bad. Someday I would love to hear "Beers in Heaven." Yeah, Michael, I'm at Gerrity's. You have to come down here. No, I-I brought my money. Michael, there's something that you need to see. Is he okay? Yeah well, the party, driving to the supermarket... it's a big day for him. Yeah, so... Hello... Michael. I think you kids have a lot to catch up on. Yeah. Thanks, Kevin. Um... [Kevin walks away, revealing Jan's pregnant belly] No. Uh, no. I didn't... ... touch that. Why? Yeah, it did... ... happen when... ... we were together. That's true. And-but, you... are not... uh, you're not the dad. ...Not to. No, I did not. I did not cheat on you. I did not. Yeah. I went to a sperm bank. Yuh-huh. Uh, yeah. I know. No, no no... it's not just any sperm bank. I mean, it's really... this is a really, really great place. It's amazing, actually. I'm gonna bring you the catalogue. You should look through it. It's... and it's-in fact, it's right next to that little breakfast place that you like in the city where you can draw on the tables. Oh, that's really good. I feel so much better. I just needed to get all that out onto the table. Look, I don't know what you're gonna be doing tomorrow, but I have my Lamaze class in Allentown, and um... you could come. I usually, you know, use a foam noodle instead of a partner... Okay. Hey there. So you missed something really big. Yeah, Andy proposed to one of your accountants. I'm not so specific as I can be on my first day, but... So... You know, somehow after all those ribs, I'm still really hungry. I don't know, I was thinking of maybe going off-campus somewhere, getting some dessert, or... Okay. Okay. Good night. Yeah, it was a good day. I mean, first days are always the hardest, right? Well, I should go. [Kevin is waiting in the car] I gotta buckle him in. Thanks... [Hank is standing next to Michael] Really, Michael? It's not. I don't think he's gonna take anything. [watch that Michael gave him beeps] Oh, some kind of... alarm. Okay. From this point forward, you will not use the bathroom. We need to keep our starting weights high so we can lose more. [sprays food with bug poison] There. Take those home to your wife. Ex-squeeze me. No, I will ex-squeeze you. Wait a minute. Pam is on the scale. And arch your back. And slowly bring up your head. [Michael and Holly face each other in yoga pose] Ah, they moved the shower. No, I didn't. [Michael laughs] You know why? Because most of the time, friends don't talk about other friends' butts. But what have you learned about her? Nice. Well, I tried. [Michael laughs] I'll just go later. No, no. I have a fiance I very much like! What happened? I should really get going. I'm sure it was really lovely. Bye. Why haven't I proposed yet? Uh, actually Pam and I talked about it. And we just decided that, um -- well, we didn't want to spend first three months of our engagement apart. And Pam's always said she doesn't want a long engagement. Something in her past, I guess. I'm not really sure of the whole story, but something about a guy who used to work here... It doesn't matter, Michael. Oh, fancy meeting you here. OK, everybody smile. Ho! You lost 31 pounds. I can't believe I'm saying this, but Michael is actually k*lling it with Holly. And I think I know why. It's because Holly is kind of a major dork. Oh, they found her? OK, can you turn the girl off please? I'm trying to get some work done. Can you put me down I'm getting a little nauseous? The nerve. They're on the supply shelf. New York is so exciting. I love my classes. The city's awesome. Um, can you give me back to Jim now, please? 2,184 pounds, for a grand total -- oh! You all gained five pounds back. Come on, Bernard. [Andy spits on floor as warehouse worker walks past] Yes, I've replaced Angela as head of the party planning committee. [footage of Dwight and Angela making out] I guess I was just in the right place at the right time. It's going well. I have a crazy idea. What if we did, um, fruit instead of cake? We lost weight today. I think it's OK to reward ourselves once in a while. Are you kidding me? We only lost one pound, Phyllis. What is wrong with these people? They have no willpower. I went -- I once went 28 years without having sex. And then again for seven years. Fright. Being scared to death. Obesity-caused illnesses. I would like to lose 65 pounds. No. My doctor wants me to gain weight. Cryogenics. Beer me five. All right, I'm taking off. Nope, just going to see Pam. Maybe put up some shelves. OK, thank you for ... this. Oh, that's so rude of me. Have you seen, um, Pam's new art? It's right there. Check it out. [closes door] That's so lame they didn't invite us. Yeah! Hey, could I have a rain check on the mini-golf. I, uh, actually have a date tonight. It'll probably be a total disaster, but... Not that guy who m*rder his mother. He was not so handsome. Also Kevin. Really? Oh, that's sweet. Wish me luck. Good luck. Party's over. You are so busted! You said fruit, Michael. Cake. [walks in the office] How's my favorite branch doing? [no one talks, everyone stares at Ryan] All right [sits at reception]. And you got a goatee! Did you get that after you helped me move and you saw mine? Well you lost zero pounds. [everyone grumbles] No change. On the bright side you gained zero pounds. Eight point five. I got a red wine stain on my favorite shirt. But he's cute, right? What's wrong? [struggling to speak] Mmm--- mmm... Um... Nope. Mmm. Dieting's only half of it. And exercise. Although I know everybody loves going to the gym. "...or that Dunder Mifflin does not discriminate. Nor does it condone unhealthy dieting habits or extreme weight loss strategies. As was clearly stated in the official starting---" Fair question. I say, I say, I say, I say down Holly! I'll take it from here. I am beautiful. [hangs pictures of fat people on the wall, including two fat people on a bike, the Ghostbusters Marshmallow Man, Elvis, Martin Lawrence in Big Mamma's House, Jabba the Hutt, and a fat pig] They are beautiful. He is beautiful. This big fat pig is beautiful. It's my sumo suit. I just didn't inflate it all the way. I am so glad that I bought instead of rented. See, you're always saying there's something wrong with society, but... maybe there's something wrong with you. Because you're kind of doing Michael Clump. Because it's your making-fun-of-fat-people character. No, no, no, it goes, it goes... look, "I say, I say, I say, I'll sit on you!" Vamping. Eh, I've been sitting all day. I did. Sorry. She should thank me. Why should I have to thank him? [exhales] I apologize for creating a ruse which forced you to exercise. I like her nails. I like her purple dress. I wonder what people like about me? ... Probably my jugs. I hate dieting, I hate it so much. I hate this worm inside of me! Summers going great. Just spent two hours listening to Michael Clump. I have a weird pain in my left side that I'm convinced is an ulcer. My girlfriend lives in New York and I haven't seen her in 10 days. How's your summer? Oh... He'll call. You guys lost four pounds. We better. [holds up an ASCII image of Dwight] I just got off... Kendall? I just got off... And you know what? I even got two tickets to see the Counting Crows tonight as a surprise. Why do guys not call when they say they are gonna call? Thanks. That's sweet. Anyways, umm, seems like we lost to Utica by only eight pounds. Well, at least everyone lost weight. That's all that really matters. Andy Bernard does not lose contests. He wins them... or he quits them because they are unfair. Nope. Hey, Michael. I just scheduled lunch with a client so I might be back a little late. I'm calling it. I guess that's curtains for the yoga guy. Yeah. Yeah? Aww man, I really wanted to see them. Look at where my seats were. Yeah. Michael, you don't have to buy them. Ok. Yeah. Yeah. Hey Dwight. Dripping on me. Two thousand one hundred seventy-five. [everyone moans] Sorry guys. Wow. The tall guy got engaged. Let's get ethical! Ethical! I wanna get ethical! Let's get into Ethics yeah! Let me hear that Dunder Mifflin talk! Your body talk. Let me hear your body talk. WOO! Alright! "Why are you helping her? You're not even dating." She's my friend... and... ultimately my strategy is to merge this into a relationship... without her even knowing. Uh... Ok, elephant in the room. Let's talk about it. Do I regret what I did? Of course I do. Even though it was an amazing ride, and I'll give you an example. Anyone see Survivor season six? [Dwight raises his hand] Anyone know Joanna on that show? [Dwight nods] In New York City, I hooked up with a girl who looked exactly like that. Indistinguishable. So... Corporate would like to emphasize that ideally you would all totally agree with that statement. Yes. Stealing office supplies is another big ethical area that there seems to be some confusion about. Michael. What should we be working on while you guys are talking? Well, I just have to get through the binder. Ok. [to everyone] Michael makes a really good point so, uh, let's just open this up a little bit. Say my name is Lauren and here I am shopping in a supermarket and I steal a pencil. That's not right. No that's... not how it works. Ok, but we should get back to business. Have any of you ever faced any ethical dilemmas in the workplace. Pass. What was the dilemma? Oh--- no no no. Ok, once in a while I'll take a long lunch. Never! Sometimes I download pirated music onto my work computer. No--- I, I'd like to hear more about that. I once reported Oscar to the INS. Turns out he's clean, but I'm glad I did it. I'll go. Have you guys ever met Bruce Meyers, the Scranton rep for Hammermill? Jackpot. Exchange of steak. Have you ever had sirloin steak, honey? Michael, there is some serious issues with Meredith. Liaisons, you mean meet-ups? I don't know, once a month for six years. Something like that. Am I in trouble here or something? [stops the watch] One second. It's Mike-raculous. Sounds good. Oh I already bought this... So, I've gone over corporate policy. Oh, it's very nice. Mmm. In Summer. Maybe we should talk about Meredith first. Ok, so I have gone over this and I have thought about it and I just don't think there is any way I can write a report that doesn't end with her being terminated. I'm from da future. Really? That doesn't sound right. Well, that's very sweet but we have to follow the protocol. Those are the rules. We punish her? I don't think we could enforce that. A chastity belt. 32 he peed, and I know that because he did it in an open soda bottle under the desk while filling out expense reports. And on the flip side, I have been so busy watching him that I haven't even started work. It's exhausting, being this vigilant. I'll probably have to go home early today. No, you are saying that we should sweep it under the carpet, accept the discount on supplies, not f*re Meredith and pretend like the whole thing never happened. What am I saying? I'm saying that her behavior is unethical and a little icky and I don't think I want to work in an environment where that sort of conduct is tolerated. It's not a family. It's a workplace. Kendall from corporate HR is on line one and Holly is on her way in too. Two HR reps. Can I sit? Yes, that came out during the ethics seminar. Good. Don't sign anything. It's a quarter to five and I have started to gather my things. Am I getting fired? [looking pregnant] Hey Michael? Contractions are coming every ten minutes. My cervix is ripening. Michael! My water's breaking! Aaaaaaaa! What do you do? What do you do? Right. Highways or surface roads? No, Gibson is covered in potholes. Your car breaks down. Adapt! It's about adapting to the circumstances. No. OK, no. I'm crowning! I'm crowning! Aaaaaaaa! [runs into Michael's office] The pressure! The pressure! Aaaaaaaa! Babies are one of my many areas of expertise. Growing up, I performed my own circumcision. [lying on Michael's desk] Hold me! Cradle my head! I'm screaming, I'm screaming, I'm screaming! Aaaaaaaa! Numb me up. I want anesthesia! No! I don't want natural! OK! Aaaaaaaa! Do you have the Sharpie?! Do you have the Sharpie?! OK! When the baby emerges, mark it secretly in a kind of a mark that only you could recognize and no baby snatcher can ever copy. Ready?! Aaaaaaaa! Butter. Newborns are slippery. Nice touch. Good. Let's try that again. [eating the watermelon] It is going to be the happiest day of my life. [Dwight gets dressed behind Michael and zips his fly] No. Michael wrote down "Astird." Ass...turd. I know. I know. It is beautiful. No. Thank you. Is this it? I mean, is this... Two bowls of M&Ms and some balloons? You know what Phyllis, I think you need to step it up. I think you need to get the lead out. Because if I'm not mistaken, we gave you your wedding shower here. We all came into this room and gave you a golden shower. Well you know what, where's my golden shower, Phyllis? I do enjoy being the head of the Party Planning Committee. I'm no longer under Angela's heel, and her little grape head is under mine. Sorry. That's mean, come on, that's - [Angela storms out] Ahoy. Good. Jan had the baby and Michael wasn't there to mark it. So the baby could be anybody's. Except Michael's. Astrid. Well, um, you know, labor just kind of started very suddenly and- And the birth instructor thought it wasn't a good idea for you to be there, so... OK, you don't have any idea what I've been through, so, let's... I'm sorry, I thought today at the baby shower would be a good time for the two of you to meet. Yes, yes you can. You know, I think, just leave her in the car seat. Yeah. [cradling the car seat awkwardly] All right, OK. I love babies. I think they are beautiful in all sorts of different ways. I try to pick up and hold a baby every day, if possible, because it nourishes me. It feeds my soul. Babies are drawn to me, and I think it's because they see me as one of them. But cooler, and with my life put together a little bit. If a baby were president, there would be no taxes, there would be no w*r. There would be no government, and things could get terrible. It actually, probably - it would be a better screenplay idea than a serious suggestion. trid. Well... Michael, Michael, Michael, that's... yeah... that's too high. I'll take that. You OK? You seem kind of... [sees Jan sizing up Holly] I'm fine, weirdo. Such an HR weirdo. Try not to suck all the air out of there when you walk in. Michael, the baby's already been born. So we had games planned but the baby ruins all of them. OK... Who wants to guess when the baby will be born? Thank you. That's very sweet of you. Um, we all chipped in and got you this stroller. Thank you. Huh. Twelve hundred dollars for a stroller? Phhhbt. And after the birth you get out and deliver the afterbirth. [everyone starts leaving] Hey! Hey, no no no no no no no no. No. No. This is the birth story. It was beautiful. It was beautiful. This is a once-in-a-lifetime experience. And I should have been there. I should have been there to witness this. You're sad about this. I know that, and I wish that I... but... would it help if you held Astrid for just a, a little bit? All right. Um, I'm just going to lie down for a couple of minutes. I'm exhausted, so um. Remind me to talk to you about Astrid's 529. Wake me in twenty. [voiceover] I usually love babies, but when I held Astrid I just felt... shortchanged. Phyllis? Could you take-. What's up, Mike? You a baby daddy? Hell yeah. You know why? Because that was my baby. You should stop calling yourself "baby daddy." Because you're not a daddy, and it's not your baby. You feel connected to his baby over there? You feel connected to this? [hold up his back brace] You want to hold me, to see how you feel? Michael, I need your help. I like to call this... the bumper test. [drags the stroller behind his car and runs into it several times] Oh, no, Michael, you know what? I really have to go. OK. You know what? There is, uh, there is one more thing that you can do for me. Don't date Holly. Thanks for the baby shower. It was great. And I'll see you... soon. You still gonna be mean to me? Yes. Paaam-o-laaaaaa... Miss ya kiddo. Miss you... so much. Hello. Yeah, it was nice. Oh, that would be great. You need that. Yeah. Yeah. It would help. [to camera] No, he didn't. Um, tonight, I'm free tonight. Is that too eager? [laughs] I don't care, free tonight. [gasps] Oh, I just remembered, I can't tonight. I'm going out with you. [shakes head] No more. No more. Thank you, you too. You're welcome. Oh, the mall could be fun. We could go to the food court and get different foods. You could get Chicken Teriyaki. I could get a hot dog. ...Hell yeah. Yeah, that's good. [playing cards] It's time to go. [walking out of the building] Oh, I forgot my keys. Yeah, lets go grab them. Oh, after vous. [walking into the girls bathroom] I didn't forget my keys, I just didn't want to make out with you in front of the cameras. Do you think they can hear us? Oh, good. Oscar, I'm now going to be prone to surges. Can I talk to you for a second? That wasn't us, right? I mean... you remembered to lock the doors? Michael I think this is our fault. Oh... Oh my God! Nobody steals from Creed Bratton and gets away with it. The last person to do this disappeared. His name? [whispering] Creed Bratton. We're gonna make everything all right. Alright? Conference room, 15 minutes. Half an hour. Alright? I think it's a fun idea. We could auction off things we do for each other like cleaning or tennis lessons. My sorority did it all the time. Move on, Michael. So, in order to recoup the value of items we liked, we have to spend more money on things we don't want. Who would ever come to this? Do you need us for any of this? Michael scored the big ticket item. Springsteen tickets! The boss scored the boss. He knows how to get things. He got me. [giggles] Sorry. Mm-hmm. I heard you. [quickly walks away] Mike gave me a list of his top ten Springsteen songs. Three of them were Huey Lewis and the News. One was Tracy Chapman, Fast Car. And my personal favorite, Short People. It's the only gavel I could find. Hey Mike, do my thing. Sold! To Jim. Hi, I'm Kevin. And I'll do your taxes. Federal and State. Fine. [throws down microphone, knocks down microphone stand] [playing blues on a guitar] Me and the blues. It's me and the blues. [Dwight looks at his watch, then at Angela, who looks away from Dwight towards Andy] Hey. 100 dollars. Oh dear. 160. When are you getting to Bruce? [chanting] Bruce! Bruce! Bruce! Do you want us to look for 'em? I have my hug. I'll bid on a hug. 200. 300. 300 and one penny. 325. 350. 350 and one penny. 400. 400 and one penny. 500. 500 and one penny. 700. 700 and one penny. Eh, it's not worth it. [driving, sighs, laughs] No. you know what? No. Because... I'm not that guy. And [laughs] we are not that couple. [turns around] [dressed as the Joker] Hm mm mm mm. Want to see a magic trick? Heh heh heh! I'm gonna make a pencil disapp-- oh! [elevator doors close, reopen.] Disappear. Oh, look at all this stuff! It's only seven hours. Michael is taking a personal day to move me up. Breaker one-nine, copy? Hey! Do Not Touch My Radio. Kidding. It's been a weird week since we found out I had to transfer. Michael wanted me to quit and get some job here in Scranton, and I said "Well, why don't you quit and get some job in Nashua?" And he said "I asked you first." And I said "First!" at the same time he did. And then I said "Jinx." And then we never talked about it again and haven't been back to the conversation. So... Oh, I'll walk you out. Ah, you are quite the gentleman. I have to unpack this weekend but maybe next weekend we go to the outlets! Mike you'll drive this every weekend? Yeah it did look shorter on the map- You were sleeping? You were talking before. Not really. We're only halfway? There's nothing out here man. Yeah. I don't know I just- I imagined a hotel right here. Pool, over here. Really good breakfast place. With really good bacon. No. No. No, Darryl did not touch me. Can we just keep going, please? [crying] It's not gonna work. There's too much distance. And I like you too. I've dated four guys last year too. Oh. Michael. Don't. Don't. Don't make it harder than it has to be. That's what she said. If you leave on Friday, by five, you'll be rolling in at... midnight? At best? And then sleep in Saturday. That only leaves us less than 24 hours before you have to go back again. Oh. Well- How long could we keep that up? Years? Years? Of just a few hours every weekend? [kisses his temple] Thank you. Yup! [Tom and Pete give Halpertian looks to camera] I do, I think so. [leaving someone a message on his cell phone, looking very uncomfortable] Hey what's up, I just thought I'd try you. I was thinking about that story where you ran into the girl you used to babysit. Please call me back. You will. This is the last of it. You're not staying? But you want me to put it back in the truck. I'll be down in just a second. [into house] Holly? I know it's hard Mike. Break-ups hurt. Looked like it. Sometimes when I'm down like this, it helps to sing the blues. [bluesy] Da na na na na... da na na na na... Da na na na na. No, no, check it out, look. Da na na na na... want to do that? That's when you h*t me with what's getting you down, okay? Da na na na na. Da na na na na. No, wait. You're, you're supposed to... Never mind. Da na na na na. Da na na na na. Da na na na na!! Da na na na na . Yeah! Da na na na na. YEAH! Da na na na na. I heard someone got engaged, you dog, huh? [punches Michael's shoulder] double wedding. Me, Angela, you, Holly. Yeah, we'd never do that. [enters Michael's office] Michael, I got my bridesmaid dress. Michael, did you tell your mom yet? Call your mom, Michael. [everyone talking] [chanting and clapping] Call her! Call her! [punches button] Speakerphone! [on speakerphone] Hello? No, you're not. Well, are you getting married? Are you-- [Michael ends call] So I returned my bridesmaid dress, and it was on sale, so I'm out $100. Jim, Dwight, Phyllis, Stanley, Andy and -- oh. Oh, it's the receipt to my bridesmaid dress. What's that doing there? [hands stack of papers to Michael] I'll take care of that for you. [crumples receipt and throws it in trash] Thanks. I should go. Bring it on. [starts to put foot up on Michael's desk] Sorry. What does it say? That's impossible. I sell more paper than anyone. [stands and reaches for the file] Wait, is this a joke? I'm getting that queasy feeling that sometimes accompanies jokes. No, but that's sometimes part of it. Impossible to say. I can't see myself. There's the charm. [on phone] Would you be able to do the same design, but with walls of gray? And a top that's gray too? Fabulous. What? Did my scores drop a little? Are we even sure that's my file? Well, there's got to be an explanation. Yeah. Michael, I'm just trying to -- A little bit. ... Worth it. Microgement. Wow, this is my lucky day. How dare you? My family built this country, by the way. Hello? [laughs] No, I'm just on the phone with this stupid salesman. He's so dumb. Probably just gonna keep him on the line forever and not buy anything. Yeah, OK. [punches button on phone] You know what? That's private. Sorry, you're going to have to speak up a little bit louder. I'm hard of hearing. [shouting] Buttlicker! Our prices have never been lower! He -- Now, you listen to me, sir. The three words I would describe you as is aggressive, hostile and definitely difficult. I'm irate right now. Please give me another chance. Mr. Buttlicker. Well, I should hope so. [Michael takes phone] Who is this? Well, this is William M. Buttlicker. [shakes fist, whispers] Yeah! There is one condition, Michael. Don't do it, Michael. What's going on? Let me paint you a picture of a little girl from southern India, who despite being welcomed into this country will now spend the rest of her life in prison for a crime she did commit. We called about a dozen customers, and they all said that they gave us great marks. I love your tie, Michael. I was r*ped. We have our confession. I'm calling security. [reaches for phone] See? I wasn't lying. I was lying. I want to be here when you f*re her ass. I will call you when it is time. [Jim and Dwight leave] No problem. Why are you telling us this? Where are you going? Where is it? Okay. My boss is sending me abroad to do a presentation to an international client and I have always been intrigued by all things international. The women, the pancakes, the man of mystery... [British accent] Hello. [on speakerphone] Do you have your passport? Got your per diem? Michael, the... that's for your food. I was happy to send Michael on this trip. He's been feeling pretty down since we had to transfer Holly up to New Hampshire. But this little perk really seemed to turn him around. [chuckling] And it's pretty tough to find somebody who wants to go up to Winnipeg mid-November. Well, I'm just glad to know you're happy because you know I felt bad. And in terms of nightlife, when you get there just ask the concierge. They have one of those? Wait, why do you need three suitcases? Do you have your money belt? No, no, no, no, no. You want to wear that puppy right up on the breastbone like a bra. [demonstrates] Here, let me help you. [reaches for Michael's money belt] Do you want to get robbed in a foreign country? I wash my hands of this. Monsieur. Meaning I will try to get other dudes laid. Here. It's just a van. Look, I know my way around a van. That is just a van. [sighs and picks up Michael's empty suitcases] Ah... sweet! Michael Gary Scott rolling like a pimp! Mmmhmmm... Mmmm... I'm good. I'm sorry. You'll need to keep moving. We need to keep the isle clear. Oh... Oh boy. [follows Oscar back to coach] I made egg salad sandwiches. Do you want one? [holds up sandwich] Could you have picked something stinkier to bring on a plane? [Andy laughs] My God, Oscar. Really? Do you have a bag of baby poop in there too, to share with everybody? No, I will be ordering my own food, thank you very much. Hi. Oh, I'm sorry. There are no meals on flights less than two hours. Yeah... Mmmmm... I'll check us in. Very cool. We are going to find out where the action is, my friend. Where's the concierge? Mmm... bingo! [indicates towards concierge desk] Follow moi, bro-sieur. 00. Other than that you can take the taxi and the number is right there. Down here... the financial district. Love you too. [hangs up phone, Pam sits on a bench crying] I'm probably going to leave after one drink. Yeah with a hot slab of Canadian bacon in your hand. Good to see you. Oscar. Yes. Thank you. Michael, why? For Madame et monsieur. [hands Michael and Marie a glass of wine] You're welcome. Let me get a picture of you guys. Dude, you struck out. They're totally stuck up. Here... drink up. Mmm-hmmm... Uh...A stro cleaners on St. Johns place is the only place open on that day. We'll discuss it later naked. I want to see you naked. I am so tired. Good morning, Michael. [Michael approaches table] Are you ready for the meeting? I'll be honest with you--- we've been talking with Catalyst Paper. Their prices are better than yours. Everything okay? [on phone] Hey! I just heard you guys made the sale. Good, very good. See, told you. Sounds like somebody had a good trip. Excuse me? What are you talking about? Okay. The hotel? What, M--- okay. I'm sorry to hear the hotel was bad. Okay, okay. Hey, hey, hey. Michael, please lets listen for a second. Michael, sometimes--- Sometimes, we-- [Michael hangs up phone] To socialize. And inform. Yeah, um, but one of them is for Toby. Um, I'm just gonna hand it to him right now. Why is that, why is that weird? [laughing] She's probably going to, cause they sit next to each other. Toby works here again. Oh no. You don't know. You should probably just meander back there; take a look. See if he's, see if he's back. Hi, Micha- NOOOO! GOD! No, God, please no! No! No! NOOO! He looks great. Well rested. Michael, is everyone okay? I don't understand, is anyone hurt? Michael, you texted me, 911 CALL ME. All in caps. Do you know what 911 means? Now what I'm curious about is how you were able to go an entire a week without knowing a member of your staff was there. Also, it's icky back there. Okay, I have to go. No. Not without cause, Michael. You have to get along with Toby. Yep. Goodbye, Michael. [hangs up] Yeh, they're rich. Well thanks Michael. Well that's sweet, I missed you guys too. Well, um, it was amazing. It really was, thanks for asking. Um the beaches were pristine... ...and, yeah, the whole thing was incredibly cathartic. It was actually kind of hard to meet people I found. And uh, yeah, plus it was hot. Are you all right, Michael? Yeah, I am. I am. I tried, I tried. I tried to talk to Toby and be his friend but that is like trying to be friends with an evil... snail. I feel like I'm dying inside. I feel like Neve Campbell in Sream II. She thinks she can go off to college and be happy and then, the m*rder comes back and starts k*lling off all of her friends. I learned a lot of lessons from that movie, this is just one of them. workplace v*olence and sexual harassment. I love catching people in the act. That's why I always whip open doors. Okay [stands up removes jacket and starts loosening his tie] [removes glasses] I am the bait. Men find me desirable. Oh, it's a good day too. I'm wearing my mustard shirt. Mmhmm. Men find me desirable. [laughs and swings his arm out which doesn't come close to touching the reception desk] I'm always this close. Yes, I just have to take this call anyway so... What do you need, Michael? Okay, what I would like you to do is take this folded note, and deliver it to Toby Flenderson? I just want you to just react to whatever this note elicits. Do not read it beforehand. Can you do that for me? "Please hug and kiss me, no matter how hard I struggle. I'm too shy to tell you that I love you." [kisses for a little longer] What's up? Yeah, yeah I'll see them. Those are fighting words. I hope he doesn't haul off and just h*t you. Hmmm? Punch him, Toby! Come on. [making karate moves] Baaah! Yeah, punch him. Ryan. Come on, man? Punch him as hard as you possibly can in the face. No, why would I punch you? There's still one thing we could do to get Toby fired. [goes over and closes office door] Frame him, for using dr*gs. Yeah, it's illegal, but... everything they do on The Shield is illegal. Oh I've framed animals before. I framed a raccoon for opening a Christmas present. And I framed a bear for eating out of the garbage. Just seems awfully mean. But sometimes the ends justify the mean. A fridge? What? What makes you think we'd have weed? [whispers in Leo's ear] Hey, just hold on one second. [comes back up to Michael] Hey, that's gonna be 500 dollars. Hi, Michael. Just pretend like we're talking until the cops leave. Hey, hey what are- why are you doing this? Michael! Oh my God! That was... I went to Costa Rica for a few months. What is going on? Check this out. That is not mine. I have never seen that before. What is going on here? Of course not! No! Michael, no! Yeah it's, uh, a caprese salad. There's a little bit of, uh, mozerella right there. [following them out] You have laws that protect you in any kind of interrogation. Why don't you use them? I didn't put caprese salad in my drawer, Michael. Did you? You know but the police could have been out there you know, catching real criminals instead of here searching my stuff. Are you kidding me? Are you kidding me, that's who you're worried about? You're... you're worried about the cop's time? You think I framed you, and you're worried about the taxpayer? Dah, God! Welcome back, jerky jerk-face. I did leave. Well, I don't see it that way. What? Here are our final actual costs for this year. As you can see, we did pretty well, so... Alright, well this is the overall budget for this fiscal year along the x-axis... Right there. You can see clearly on this page that we have a surplus of $4300. But we have to spend that by the end of the day or it will be deducted from next year's budget. Your mommy and daddy give you ten dollars to open up a lemonade stand. So you go out and you buy cups and you buy lemons and you buy sugar. And now you find out that it only costs you nine dollars. So you have an extra dollar. So you can give that dollar back to mommy and daddy, but guess what? Next summer... And you ask them for money, they're gonna give you nine dollars. 'Cause that's what they think it costs to run the stand. So what you want to do is spend that dollar on something now, so that your parents think it costs ten dollars to run the lemonade stand. We have to spend that $4300 by the end of the day or it'll be deducted from next year's budget. We should spend this money on a new copier, which we desperately need. Okay, break it down in terms of, um... okay, I-I think I'm getting you... New chairs? Yes, Michael, new chairs. These chairs are terrible. We were supposed to get new ones last year. Exactly. That should tell you how terrible the chairs are. I'm with Pam. Chairs. We should really have the office's air quality tested. We have radon coming from below, we have asbestos in the ceilings. These are silent K*llers. Michael? So Michael, what do you think? You have to make the decision. Remember, you were gonna get a new chair, and you were gonna give your old chair to me. Remember that? Michael? I'm just gonna grab some lunch. You wanna come with? Woah, you guys going to lunch? Mind if I join? All right. Let's go. Let's do it. Where we going? Michael, that is hilarious. Thank you. [goes to Michael's office and knocks on the door] Michael? Hey! You got a second? Oh, that must've been so fun. Hey, have I told you you look really nice today? Yeah, is that a new tie? That is amazing! What? No. [applauding] No way! Yeah! Oh, so I guess Oscar and Jim were talking your ear off about the new copier. Yeah. everyone sits on a chair every day... But not everyone... Or even uses the copier every day. Yeah, right? ...That's it. [giggles] All right, see you later... Hot tie guy. Okay. Michael, I got you a hot chocolate. I hope that's okay. Wait, Michael! Let me open the door for you. There he is! Hello. Oh! There's that ass! Woo! Yeah. Aw, don't take it away! Did somebody call Hank? So, there's no security problem? You know, I hustled up the stairs. Thank you. Thank you. You know, it's nice and warm up here. So what are we talking about? I know what a surplus is. Is that the copier? [inspects the copier] Hmm. I was just thinking. Let me see a chair. You can try mine. Hmm, not much lumbar support. On the one hand, this copier is very old. You should see some of the new copiers they have. You would not believe what they do. Well, let me finish. Now the chairs. The chairs are very weak. Very weak chairs. I could not sit all day in this chair. ...Let me see the copier again. [on speakerphone] Michael. Is this why you're calling me? Okay. You want me to weigh in on a minor budget issue? Well if I were you, I would just return the surplus and take the bonus. Branch managers who come in under budget get 15% of the savings. ...Like a tip? [calculates amount] $645?! [on the phone] We have that going out Tuesday... Okay? Sure, no, I can... I'll double-check that for you. Let me call you right back. Okay. That's the original. Do you know? I think you know. Does anyone happen to know what 15% of 4300 is? Michael's a genius. Why'd you say dollars? Hey Michael, what's 394 times 5,912? You're gonna give yourself a bonus of $645 instead of getting the entire office something it really needs? You're gonna get us a copier then? Or chairs? I didn't hear a phone. To be continued! You are a smart guy. I know you'll do the right thing. It's your job. Okay, you know what? Why don't you guys deal with it? I am going to get up, and I am going to be out in the common area. But you need to decide; otherwise I'm taking the bonus. All right? Hey, we're going with the chairs. Thanks Michael. Good work. I'm proud of you. [Pam and Oscar leave] Mother- This is the first Christmas party I am throwing as head of the party planning committee. The theme is "Nights in Morocco". This isn't your grandmothers Christmas party. Unless of course she's from Morocco, in which case it's very accurate. Yes. Yes. They are now. Cool. [sings] My horn can pierce the sky. [drinks] Oh... my... GOD!!! [laughs] h*t me again. [sings] There's a hole in the wall where the men can see it all. What is it? Wow, that is delicious. Can't believe no ones thought of that. Fa-la-la-la-la-la-la-ka-ching. We're back on the 5th, should we just do it then? Ah... would you want to do it on Groundhogs day? That's cool. Now? It's our Christmas party. Well what if we can't do it quickly. Do you know how to do an intervention? Hey, shut up. Here we go. Everybody gather up. And napkins... fanned. A little better. I threw up. Yeah. Michael, we are only allowed to talk about Meredith's work performance. We can not ask her to stop drinking. I'm not an alcoholic. Aye. I don't care what everyone thinks. I know I am not an alcoholic. When I was in college I used to get wicked hammered. My nickname was puke. I would chug a fifth of socos, sneak into a frat party, polish off a few people's empties, some brewskies, some Jell-O sh*ts, do some body sh*ts off myself, pass out, wake up the next morning, puke, rally, more soco, head to class. Probably would have gotten expelled if I had let it affect my grades, but I aced all my courses. They called me Ace. It was totally awesome. Got straight B's. They called me Buzz. Sure. Obviously. Where did you get this? Michael, We should contact some experts. You don't know what your doing. Yeah, 'cause this is kind of a drag. Well, Meredith, there was that one time you bought movie tickets and then you got too drunk to go, so you gave them to me. And that was really cool. You're welcome. Actually, I don't care for Meredith, but I don't believe in this kind of thing. In the Schrute family we believe in a five fingered intervention. [holds up his fist] Awareness, education, control, acceptance and punching. I am fine. I am not an alcoholic! I don't mind telling you that I have an addiction. I do. To p*rn. There are several ways to k*ll a zombie, but the most satisfying one is to s*ab it in the brain with a wooden stick. Oh, as f*re marshal I would have to. She is a hazard to the other people of the office. Michael, I think... you did the best you could, but this is bigger than all of us. Enabler! Enabler, enabler, enabler, enabler, enabler. It's Christmas and we are turning our back on somebody who is asking for help. Please stop. People are having a Christmas party. We just missed Poor Richards. Yeah, I thought we were going out for a drink? The Bog? Cooper's, Kelly's... ...Brixx's, Carmen's... ...The Fort, Andy Gavin's. Well, it must have just opened up. Yeah... all right. Enough of this Christmas crap. Let's get some party music. [changes radio station] Yeah! Yeah! Yeah that's better. Sunrise Rehab? No! No! No! I told you no! There is no way! No way! There is no way! No way! No way! No way! There is no way! No! No way! I told you. We talked about this. There is absolutely no way. No! No! There is no way! No! No! I am not going in there! I am not going in there! Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Just wait! Just wait! [runs away] Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God! No! No! No! No! No! There is no way! There is no way! There is no way! There is no way! No! No! Can I help you? No! No! No! No! No! She knew it. [answering the phone] Dunder Mifflin, this is Pam. I'm sorry, he's not in yet. Would you like his voicemail? Yes! I was just jogging. No, no, no, it's not your turn. All right, thirteen is the new number. Oscar, go ahead. There was a car. Thirty-one is humanly impossible. That's impossible. b*at it! [entering the office] Excuse me, everyone, can I have the floor please? Um, this is insanely awkward. It's kind of the elephant in the room, so I'll just... [sighs] No one has RSVP'ed to our wedding yet, and the deadline was yesterday. Nothing. Why don't... Let's... How about we just... Just have to talk to you for a second... No, no one has RSVP'ed, and I don't understand it, and now, you're shutting me out. You're not even listening. That's really considerate. Thank you. No, no. Andy still doesn't know that Angela's having an affair with Dwight. And it's been seventeen days. I mean, eventually he'll figure it out, when their kids have giant heads and beet-stained teeth. But right now it's just... awkward. We can't figure that out. Wait, what? You can't take what? No. You can't do that. It shouldn't come from you. [simultaneously] Angela. What is wrong with you? She is engaged. [sighs] When what? [clears throat] When what? What can't go on? Seems like... Angela said she was going to tell him. She's just not ready. I don't know. Stop. What? And! This shouldn't be coming from his boss. And we should also consider the fact that that man has an anger issue. Well it's not too late, because you haven't done anything. Michael, once this gets out... I don't know how it's going to go down. Might get ugly. [to Michael, who opens the door to leave] Have a good trip. Yeah. Will do, boss-man. You're not making any sense. All righty. Have a good meeting! [through the car window] Kick Wallace's ass! What? Are you serious? So listen, Michael, your branch has been doing great lately, and your sales staff is reporting very strong numbers. Out-performing last year, in fact. Um, and I don't know exactly how to put this, but... what are you doing right? Utica, Albany, all the other branches are struggling, but your branch is reporting strong numbers. [Michael smiles] Look, you're not our most traditional guy, but clearly, something you are doing... is right. And I just, I need to get a sense of what that is. David, here it is. My philosophy is basically this. And this is something that I live by. And I always have. And I always will. Don't ever, for any reason, do anything to anyone, for any reason, ever, no matter what. No matter... where. Or who, or who you are with, or, or where you are going, or... or where you've been... ever. For any reason, whatsoever. Sometimes I'll start a sentence, and I don't even know where it's going. I just hope I find it along the way. Like an improv conversation. An improversation. Here's the thing. Michael is doing something right. And in this economic climate, no method of success can be ignored. It's not really time for executives to start getting judgmental now. It's Hail Mary time. Thanks Meredith. It's hard to try and evaluate yourself, Michael, but I appreciate you trying. [gets up] And thanks for coming in. Yes. Yeah. Thank you. [hangs up] I got 500 feet of red wire at a flea market up by Dunmore High School. 20 bucks for the whole spool. Crazy, what a deal. [behind Jim, Dwight climbs telephone pole] Oh he'll be fine. I made it up there. Hi Michael how are you? So listen, as you know, we haven't yet filled the regional supervisor job. Correct. And I was wondering if I could get you to do some of the field work that would normally go to the supervisor [Michael makes exaggerated oh-my-gosh face at camera]. There is an area from Carbondale to Marshbrook, where we have never done any business. There is a small company there, Prince Paper. I can't get a report on it because it's not a public company. But we have been talking about going after their market, so I was hoping you could do some fact finding for me. I'll fax over some of the things we're looking for. Look, this is important, Michael. [riding in car with Michael] What if the owner of Prince Family Paper has a beautiful daughter and we have to seduce her in order to get their secrets? No, I wanna seduce her. Please Michael, please. You'll fall in love with her. Okay, let's go over the plan again. Your fictitious name? I am a paper salesman looking for a new job. I find out everything about their expenses and salaries. Then we meet at the Denny's... ...and then we compare notes. You know how I feel about IHOP. Are you socialist? I'll have a cup of a coffee. Store only has three employees. It means they are not expanding. No. No because their sign is centered perfectly above their store. No sign of the sign being moved. [spying through binoculars] Its lunch time, and no sign of anyone coming in or out. Which means they are not taking new customers out to lunch. Which Means they're not acquiring new business. So once again no growth. Oh, it would if they were all cumulous and not cirrostratus. Get your clouds right. So you go in now, I am going to go in exactly ten minutes. We have never met each other. We are complete strangers. Also, we are going to need a signal to bolt out of there if there is danger. Lick ur lips, try it. [Michael licks lips] No, no like this. [Dwight starts and Michael follows passionately licking their lips] Good. Yeah. Good. Here come the sharks. [they imitate jaws theme sounds and Dwight makes shark fin on his forehead] In nature, there is something called a food chain; it's where the shark eats a little shark. And the little shark eats a littler shark. And so on and so on. Until you get down to the single cell shark. So now replace sharks with paper companies and that is all you need to know about business. Hello, hi. What kind of business are you in. I assume your primary paper needs are stationary, general office. About 80. It's just me, my wife and my son. I opened this place after I came back from Vietnam. Okay, TMI. You sure know a lot about paper for a lawyer. Oh really? I'm your son now; you can visit him on holidays. Dwight Schrute, I'm a paper salesman at a second tier paper company called Dunder Mifflin. I'm the top salesman there and I'm looking for a new challenge. I would say you guys have what, 40 high full volume clients? My boss, his insensitivity might border on cruel. This is a man who does not listen to the needs his underlings. [Michael takes offense and charges over] It's going very well. You want a picture of me? Grandma, I can't do this. Right. OH! [the "yes she's hot team" claps] Wait; let me get something for you. Here is some, some references. Here is a list of references, our top clients. You call any of them; I trust you will hear some good things. [both making make out lips at each other] Excuse me sir, I took the bus here and was wondering if I could catch a ride home with you in your car. Thank you very much. Bye bye now. So long.Dwight and Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God. [running out door] Cmon. All their top clients I can't believe it. Someone's looking out the window. Go go, Peel out, go. [car hits front divider, screeching] You drove over that. Go back [car hits divider, screeching] Oh my God. Oh man, Yeah. You've done more then you can possibly know. A tow truck is going to charge you one hundred bucks to take you a mile. Let me take a look. How much longer is this going to take? No, I work at a desk all day, its nice working with my hands. Its all better. I look forward to hearing from you about that job application. No, because... [Dwight and Michael walk in and march into Michael's office, silencing the conversation] Its simple, David would use that information to destroy them. They could do better. What? I'm not familiar with that expression, It doesn't make sense, of course I'm alive. Michael, you have to. Have you ever seen a lioness devour its cub? Have you ever seen a baboon devour its mate? Have you ever seen a raccoon devour a squirrel? Your heart is a wonderful thing, Michael. But it has made some terrible decisions. Yes. Yeah. There was a terrible w*r, ugh, so many d*ed. Far too many d*ed. But if Frodo hadn't destroyed the ring, then goodness itself might have d*ed. Yeah. Good, so, [Michael takes client list and heads out of office] where are you going? Where are you taking the client list? Michael, Michael, no. Michael, give that. Michael, don't do this. No. [chasing Michael out of the office into parking lot] No no no, I can't let you do this! Its business, not personal. [they run back outside, where Dwight gets paper from Michael] Its over, Michael, its over. [holding list of clients up] This is good stuff Michael. You are a titan of industry pal. Good work. Look I'll be in touch, thanks buddy. Guess whose stock just went up, golden boy? I guess this is what they call a bittersweet moment. It is bitter because I slightly destroyed a wonderful little family. But sweet because David Wallace thought I did a good job. That's what I hate bittersweet chocolate. I don't even... what's the point of that? Why not just sweet? Who are you helping? Hillary swank. No, we don't know that. The smoke could be coming through an air duct. What's the procedure, everyone? What's the procedure? Wait, wait, wait. No! No, Michael! No! Touch the handle. If it's hot, there could be a f*re in the hallway. Okay, what's next? Leave it woman! Aah! This ones hot too! Go, go, go, go, go!! [Andy and Jim ram the door with the copy machine] f*re not real. This was merely a training exercise. [Oscar drops down from the ceiling] So, what have we learned? [Stanley falls to the floor] Oh come on. It's not real Stanley. Don't have a heart att*ck. No, no, no! Don't give him mouth to mouth for this! No. Michael. Michael. [everyone shouting at once] Michael! Michael! You're choking him! A lot of ideas were not appreciated in their time. Yes I shouted "f*re!". I shouted many things! I also shouted instructions on how to get out of the building, so you can imagine my frustration as safety officer when nobody would heed of what-- heeded-- When no one hedded-- N-no one would take hedded of my instructions. So, you-- And, well, I don't see my co-workers-- Wh--what? No, we are mad. No, we're not. No. Michael, you have to take responsibility here. One of your employees had a heart att*ck. He could have d*ed, because of the way that you are allowing your office to run. Do you want that on your conscious? Michael? Yeah. Well... I guess we papered over that pretty nicely. [chuckles] It always amuses me when corporate thinks they can make some big change with a twenty minute meeting in some fancy high-rise. What's the matter? You hungry? Don't you worry about that. I got it covered. Okay? I am planning a b*mb scare that should really get the blood pumping. What? You? Come on. That's preposterous. No, I will. Nobody should have to go to work thinking, "Oh, this is the place that I might die today." That's what a hospital is for. An office is for not dying. An office is a place to live life to the fullest, to the max, to... An office is a place where dreams come true. But the doctor said if I can't find a new way to relate more positively to my surroundings I'm going to die. I'm not sitting in a wheelchair. A-B-C. Okay? And hat stands for... airway, breathing and circulation. This is a farce. I should be teaching this course. Shut it. Shut it. Absolutely I would not. That's not a good idea, Michael. He needs to rest. I would die. I'm okay with the logic of it. Yes. I had a heart att*ck. I would quit, but I'm too old to find another job and I don't have enough saved to retire. I feel like I'm working in my own casket. Michael! Michael. So, assessing the situation. Are they breathing? No, that's not part of it. I would want to live with no legs. All right, well, lets get back to it. 'Cause you're losing him. Okay, too fast. Everyone, we need to pump at a pace of a 100 beats per minute . How's that gonna help you? Okay. Well, a good trick is to pump to the tune of 'Staying Alive' by the Bee Gees. Do you know that song? No, it's--Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah, stayin' alive, stayin' alive. [to Rose] You were in the parking lot earlier. That's how I know you. Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah, stayin' alive, stayin' alive [Andy joins in] Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah, stayin' alive, stayin' alive. He has no wallet, I checked. He is. I'm not feeling well. I need to sit down. Stanley. We had to pay for it. Cost us thirty five hundred dollars. Wow. Jim and Pam are, like, movie geniuses. They're catching things that are totally going over my head. I have. [laughs] I'm ok, I'm not, great, and um... [nods] [in a monk-impression tone] Ohmmm... Ohmmm... Everybody sit on the floor Indian style like me. [Meredtih sits Indian style in a dress exposing herself right in front of Michael] Ohmmm my God if you're wearing a dress please keep your knees together nobody wants to see that ohmmm... ohmmm... My goal is to make this office as peaceful a place for Stanley Hudson as I can. I think sounds have a lot to do with that. Here are some downloaded peaceful sounds. [a couple of sounds play on the computer] That one makes me think... of death. It's kinda nice... What? [opens her eyes, Michael is standing over her] Oh... Chunky monkey. Chocolate. It's my bio-feedback machine.. It alerts me when my stress level goes up so I can try to calm down. Yes... Let me get you some water. No, Michael, No. [beeping speeds up] Please. A little further. That's better. [Michael walks back towards Stanley and the beeping goes up again] Ok... I think that thing is on the fritz. Ahh... Oscar, would you reach over and touch his thing? That's what HE said! Right guys, 'cause of gay? [Oscar has Stanley's monitor now] Let's give this a sh*t. Michael, I think you're what's stressing everybody out. What could Jim have said to make my dad want to leave my mom? And at what point in our marriage is he gonna say it to me? Nothing stresses me out. Except having to seek the approval of my inferiors. Speaking of which... [hands Michael the paper to sign for Dwight's formal apology] Remember when people used to say boss, when they were describing something that was really cool like, those shoulder pads are really boss man... Look at that perm, that perm is so boss. It's what made me want to become a boss. And I looked so good in a perm and shoulder pads. But now, boss is just slang for jerk in charge. A vacation. Michael are you serious? You really want us to roast you? That's offensive. I consider myself a good person. But I'm gonna try to make him cry. That was the last signature I needed. Michael Scott! [laughter] I have made a list of people that I would make out with before I would make out with Michael Scott. A turtle, a fridge, anybody from the warehouse, a woodchipper, Kevin, a candle, and Lord Voldemort. Anyway, Happy Birthday Michael. Michael? You ran over me with your car. You posted a picture of my bare boobs on the bulletin board with a caption that said "Gross"... Michael, you are the reason I drink. You are the reason I live to forget. [yelling at Michael in Spanish] Several times a day, Michael says words that are way beyond my vocabulary. Do ya? Ok. Remember Spider face? OK. 'Cause the quote was, cut off your nose to spiderface. How dare you all att*ck him like this. Michael is your superior. Okay, you should be bowing down in front of him. Ok, no, they don't understand who they have... You're interrupting me. I'm trying to get your back. Are you calling me an idiot? Well I just want to take a minute to talk to you all about something very serious. Once every hour, someone is involved in an internet scam. That man is Michael Scott. [laughter] He's supporting about 20 Nigerian princesses. Well, ya know, Michael is a great delegator. He never does any work himself. Ever. And one time, I walked in on him naked, and his thing is so small. [quickly walks off stage] If it were an iPod it would be a shuffle! [clapping, laughter] Mike claims, we're all a family isn't that right? Ok, so um, what's his name? All the way in the back there. What's his name? Roy left years ago. What's his name? I don't believe I have had the pleasure.Warehouse What'shisname? [singing and playing the guitar] What I hate about you, you really suck as a boss, you're the laziest, jerkiest and you're dumber than applesauce. We're stuck listening to you all day, Stanley tried to die just to get away, heeey, well it's true. That's what I hate about you. That's what I hate about you. Yeah. And now, a man that deserves no introduction, Michael Scott. What's a text? [at a park throwing whole pieces of bread] Caw... caw... caw caw... caw... Michael, I feel like I was a little harsh yesterday. [murmurs of agreement] What? Wow. Andy, Cornell called, they think you suck. And you're gayer than Oscar. Boom. Roasted. [Stanley is still laughing] Alright. Alright everybody, you know I kid, you know I kid. You guys are the reason I went into the paper business, so, uh, goodnight, God bless, God bless America, and get home safe. [clapping and murmurs of appreciation] This morning the phone guy comes in, and he shows Michael that the phones have a PA function. And then he just left. [disgusted groan] Ugh. [sighs and knocks on Michaels door] That's pretty funny. Hey you know what? Did I drop my, uh... What the heck? Is that, uh... [bends down, cuts phone cords with scissors] I didn't, I'll look somewhere else. All right. Would you like fries with that? Please drive around. Good morning. You ready? And we're off, like a herd of turtles. He brought a sled. Yeah. I love being on the road, but I especially love the time and a half pay 24 hours a day, for three days. Cause I have a mortgage now, got a bring home the bucks. Separate rooms. I'm going to say it anyway. This is a new cardigan. No. Can I turn on the radio? But then you fall asleep and there's nothing for me to do. That's dangerous. That's okay I can... I'm fine. I'll just play a song in my head. No, that was a long time ago. [taking Michael's picture] Okay, uh, point at the Dunder Mifflin. Hi. [sarcastically chuckles] Uh, your late, everyone's already in the conference room. Karen will be right here to take you over. Stop it, please. Hey. Hi, guys. Of course not! Let's just get this over with, shall we? [looking into Julia's car] Trying to see what CD's she got. It's good to know the deets about the girl you're wooing. Eh, Aha! Fiest. Yes! [bangs on car and alarm goes off] Whoa! Aah, Aah! [backs up and runs into another car starting another alarm] Not gonna have to do that, till after I have the baby. No, I am wondering. What are you talking about? But now we think you're a liar. Would a liar bring mini Mounds bars? [Pam tosses a handful of Mounds bars at everyone] I am a theatrical person. Growing up, I always thought I would become an actor. Because I have, these memorization tricks that I use. Um, for instance, I learned the Pledge of Allegiance by setting it to the tune of Old MacDonald. [starts singing] I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America, and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under God. With a woof-woof here, and a woof-woof there. Here a woof, there a woof. Everywhere a woof, woof. Um, you get it. Yes. Uh, it's very insulting. But we already know each other's names. Okay. All right everyone, meeting's over. Can I please see you in my office, please? [thinks for a moment] Give me two clients for her. No that's, that is incredibly dangerous. You know, I think I'm just gonna distill all this, and send it in an email to my team. Thank you. It just all happened so fast. Yes, Michael. My husband impregnated me. It's really sweet. Oh, my God. I'm so happy for you. [hugs pam] Wait, what? I like her. I'm serious. Um, I'm really glad I came. Are you asleep? No, remind me. Perfect boobs, [gives a look at the camera] of course I remember Holly. Okay, lets go. Yeah, screw 'em. Let's do this. 35[previously on The Office...] I am on a lecture circuit. I'm goin' around to all the branches, and I'm telling them my secret recipe for success. I have now memorized all of your names. Shirty, Mole, Lazy Eye, Mexico, Baldy. Oh, wow, thank you! [taking Michael's picture] Okay, a little bit more closer to the sign. Yeah. You look good. Hi, can I help you? Yes, we were expecting you. Have a seat. Actually, she's on an HR retreat for the next three days. But, if you need to get in touch with her immediately, you could talk to A.J. He's a salesman here. Yeah, he's her boyfriend. He's just over there. I'm so sorry, Michael. She's not doing it to hurt you. Listen, when Jim was dating Karen, I didn't want to come to work. It was awful. I hated it. I wanted to quit, but- You know, when Holly gets back, everyone will tell her what a great job you did. And then she'll realize what she's missing. Yeah, maybe. Maybe. One step at a time. You can do this. I know, I just read it on the sign. A.J. [laughs] [laughs] I'm a salesman. That's why I raised my hand. I have a question about discounts from distributors. It's pretty serious, yes. What does this have to do with sales? No, what are you talking about? Does what feel good? Michael, get off the floor! [whispering] No, no, no, you have to do it- Ohhh... [loading up car with Michael] Don't look up. Don't look up. [sighs as office workers all looking from window] No. What? Oh, Michael... You did what? She never sent it to you? No. No, under no circumstances can you read that letter. It's a violation of her trust. Because, she didn't send it to you! I could read it. Yeah, I could read it. Go get your laptop. [closes laptop] It's deleted. She still has feelings for you. I can't tell you specifically, but... it's not over. [nods and smiles] [opens door to wake Kelly, bangs together two trash can covers loudly] Birthday time is over! Now go make up for all the work you missed when you were taking your nap. [slaps Kelly's butt] Many happy returns. [slams door] No, we don't need to do that. You mean Tony? Oh, Michael. Nice to meet you, yeah. Whew! I can assure you we don't need a new system though. Happy with ours. Jimbo! [impersonating Fonzie] Ayyyy! Ayyyy! Ayyyy! That was funny. That was funny. Let's go do it to somebody else. Ayyyy! I miss Stacy. So, I received my first Valentine from a secret admirer. [Kelly opens the envelope] Roses are red, violets are blue, it's time for your dental cleaning, and maybe a check-up too. Oh, wow look at those. How nice for you. Up there, front and center, beautiful. I think they would look better right here. [Michael takes the flowers from Pam's desk and puts them on the ground off to the side] They're very pretty and I wouldn't want them to fall. [Kevin groans] Just about everyone in this office is single right now. Including me. And everyone is experiencing an incredible amount of emotional pain. Especially me, because of my great capacity for emotion, and it is my first Valentine's Day since Holly, so I think that I am well qualified to understand that these people need to be protected from having love shoved into their faces. They're for her to look at, Michael. Yes, let's have a word. Oh, I'm sorry. So sexy it becomes hostile. Uh, I actually thought we were keeping it pretty low-key. We do. You can't be a part of our relationship, Michael. That sounds fun. Yeah, deal with it Pam! I train my major blood vessels to retract into my body on command. Also, I can retract my penis up into itself. [pauses, then nods signaling that he performed the feat] You're gonna need to lie down right over here. Hi, I cant talk right now. I'm sorry. Whew, I'm really nervous. Yeah, when I get nervous I sort of clam up. Whew, it's better for me just to be quiet, yeah. Sure. Sorry, it's the other thing I do when I get really nervous. Alright, here we go. Just relax. Oh, that's gross. We're in. What? Ew. That's not good. Well, ok... bags! [Michael is taken aback] Alright, that was bad. Um, a hat. A hat with no blood in it? You're cute. You're done. Ah, we did it! Is he OK? What? Oh. She left. Oh yeah, I understood. Well, his heart was in the right place. I don't think so. I can't. Was he in to you in like a gay way? He told me he wasn't gay. [everyone groans] I'm not done yet. A week later a friend of mine calls me up, and he says "I just saw him in a gay bar in Kansas City." [everybody groans except for Michael who looks pleasantly surprised] I guess I have. Huh. He's on one of his honeymoons. My worst breakup was with Stacy. It was a Sunday morning, we were reading the paper, and I said "Oh my God, I think the Eagles could clinch the NFC East!" and she said that we're done. You're right. OK everyone, back to work. A net? a giant net? What do you have in mind? Oh God, that's a terrible idea. No. Lonely people mixing with one another? Breeding? Creating an even lonelier generation? Ha, you're not allowing natural selection to do its work. Pssh. You're like the guy who invented the seat belt. These people need love and I am going to get it for them Who cares if we sell a little bit less paper today? A great boss cares more about the happiness of his employees then anything else. I am going to be cupid, and I am going to sh**t my sparrow at unsuspecting victims, and they are going to get h*t and say "I'm in love I was h*t by cupid's sparrow." Funny little bird, but he gets the job done. Hey. No movement. Eh, its not that early. I'm ok. Feel a little lopsided because of all the blood they took out of my right side. Oh. Meh. Eh. Hello. Dwight K. Schrute. Why don't you introduce me to your little friend? [Dwight immediately breaks the handshake with the redhead and turns to the blonde] Hi, Dwight. Oh, hi! I'm Lynn. Hi. I'm from here! I think I blew it. It all happened so fast. So... fast. I am. Meredith recently had a total hysterectomy, so that's sort of a repair. Alright, I'll let you guys talk. ...and the kind of discounts we're talking about are not... hold on - Michael, Why do you keep looking at the front door? Hey, it just takes one! You met a woman when you were giving blood? That is so romantic. She could be. Is this the party? [everyone turns to Michael wanting to know if this is Blood Girl] OK. Well, thanks for wasting my time tonight, idiot. God! Thanks, Michael. We can stay a little longer. Michael, it's time. Come on, we'll all go. [after some encouragement] OK. [on the phone] Yeah, that's no problem. [on the phone] Sure. Uh huh. I'm on the phone. [on the phone] You can fax it over. Yeah, 5-7-0-5-5-5-0-1-- 0-1-7-5. Thank you. Bye, bye. [to Michael] It really makes us look unprofessional. [sighs] Who's there? Buddha who? Great. Now there's, there's butter on my desk. I got a knock-knock joke. OK, Michael, please, please, please, please, please let me. [clears throat] Knock, knock. KGB. [in Russian accent] We will ask the questions! What are you doing? Hey! Hey! Stop it! Stop it! C'mon. What are you doing? Mine was a part of my hilarious joke. Ding Dong. KGB. I'm not answering it. I'm not answering that. You answer it. [Michael walks in dressed as Willy Wonka] Good morning, Michael. Good morning, Mr. Wonka, here are your messages. Jelly beans. No, no, no. They are not just ordinary jelly beans little girl. These are extraordinary jelly beans! The Willy Wonka Golden Ticket promotional idea is probably the best idea I have ever had. It's probably the best idea anybody has ever had. Three days ago, I slipped five pieces of gold paper into random paper shipments. This entitles the customer to ten percent off of their total order. It will be a day for them that is full of whimsy, and full of excitement and full of fantasy. We own our own delivery trucks. We could lease them out on the weekends -- 'Free paper.' Golden Girls. That's a golden ticket idea, right, I mean how great was that show? Golden Grahams. Another, is it -- I don't get this... [on phone] Hey, Tom. What's that? Oh, you found a golden ticket. [puts hand on receiver and speaks to office] One of my clients found a golden ticket. [Michael screams in excitement] [Jim back on phone] Yup. No, congratulations. [Michael dances in background] [on phone] I'll take that down right now. I'm on the phone. [on phone] Hold on one second. [to Michael] It's actually Blue Cross from Pennsylvania. Ten percent? They're our largest client. How do you not spread out the tickets into different shipments? OK... ...well I'm going to call corporate to make sure that they know I didn't lose half my sales. You didn't, but... it'll be fine. It'll be good. Start over. Were the boxes near each other? I put three pallets on the truck to Blue Cross once a week. They use a lot of paper. OK, I'm going to ask you something and I want you to be honest. What is a pallet? When Michael's skirting a phone call, he gave me a list of places to say he is. 'Stopping a fight in the parking lot. ' 'An Obama fashion show. ' Whatever... that is. Or 'trapped in an oil painting.' I'm gonna save that one. They can. Yes, they can. Michael, what do you think shutting down a branch is? So, well I lost a ton of money today and I have a mortgage, so I'm a little pissed too. Absolutely not, I'm mad at you. That's not why. Good one. I've got a golden ticket idea. Why don't you skip on up to the roof and jump off? [on phone] Dunder Mifflin, this is Pam. Oh hi, David. He's having a colonoscopy. Alright, I'll find out if he's out yet. [on speaker phone] Michael, what the hell is going on here? Fine. What is going on? Why did you OK this golden ticket idea? We're going to lose a fortune, Michael. How could you let this happen? How could you not know Michael? Might have hi--- OK, what firm? Michael? Was it the sales department? Was it Jim? OK, was it Dwight? [long pause] Yes. That was your idea. You did. Several times. Over and over again. [same time as Michael] You were dressed as Willy Wonka so... Wasn't my idea. Loved - but I can't. You don't keep a diary. Hold that thought. [Dwight gets up and gets own diary from desk and returns] [flipping through diary] March... 4th. Michael Scott came up with golden ticket idea to give five customers ten perfect off for one year. To keep secrets from my computer. Impossible. I wasn't given candy as a child, so a movie that fetish-ized it that much, would have made no sense to me. Plus, we weren't allowed to see movies. So... do the math. Had conversation with Michael about taking credit for an idea that wasn't mine. Discussed movies. [Jim, Andy and Pam all talking over each other] ...turn into this black and carbon brick-where this barbeque sauce of shame and rage and two hot people with a perfect relationship would not understand that. OK, what am I thinking right now? No... How skin is the largest organ of the body. I did fall on my sword once. I was running with it in my belt. Won't happen again. What about Shoe La La? [sighs] It's not ready yet. I have an idea for a fancy men's shoe store called Shoe La La. And it's just men's shoes for the special occasions in a man's life, like the day that you get married or the day your wife has a baby, or for just lounging around the house. These aren't announcements. I love working here and I do not want to leave. Well... We discussed the fact that I'm cooped up here instead of experiencing the whole wide world. No plowing my own acres. Going around shirtless all day. You know experiencing freedom. Try me. I haven't made a decision yet. No. There it is. That's too bad. That's what she said! [David laughs] Inspiration. [same time as Michael] You never know when it's gonna strike. Just... boom. You, you are taking about Dwight Schrute. The biggest Wonka fan I know. I mean, you've been talking about that movie for years. Sure. [same time as Michael] 'Cause I've got this idea... Yeah? So I love Willy Wonka. That golden ticket scene is so inspiring to me that that's where I cam up with that idea [Michael comes into conference room]. Pam... [on phone] We are gonna call you back guys. [to Michael] What is going on here? It is my idea. It is my idea. I'm filled with good ideas. Thousands of good ideas. Horse Boat. A canoe built around your horse so you can go from riding to water travel without slowing down. Horse Boat! Oh give me a break. That's because they're easy! Yes, it's Michael's idea that he forced on me on thr*at of death. What, I don't -- what do you want me to do now, Michael? What am I supposed to do now? I am gone. Oh I am. In my own words. No. No, Michael. Michael, since it is your fifteenth anniversary at the company, I thought it might be appropriate to begin the festivities with a fifteen-minute round of applause. I just feel like after fifteen years at this company, bravo by the way, that we should celebrate with a very classy event, a night to remember. And of course, classy. a string quartet, playing classy-cal music. [Jim grimaces] That's it. Or Mr. Peanut. Mr. Peanut is not classy. He is a regular peanut. He just happens to have a cane, a monocle and a top hat. an ice sculpture. Of you. Completely surrounded by a variety of chocolate-covered fruits. Not classy. De classé. Sure. Just one second. Please have a seat. Michael, there's a Charles Miner here to see you. Yeah, are you coming out now? I-I was- Hey. Really wish you would have told me the new boss was coming today. Nope. I mean, I could have brought a change of clothes, or- Originally founded in 1866, Scranton quickly became one of Pennsylvania's largest anthracite coal-mining communities. We'll finish it up later, but essentially what we're talking about is... Thank you. This is what you did last night? Took him 40 minutes to get ready. Hey, I come from accounting, too. Ni- Hey, Oscar, it's good to meet you. Hey-o! You know, Michael, I don't need to know everyone's sexual history. How about I just say hi to everyone at one time? Thank you, Michael. Thank you for the C-shaped bagels. That's great. Hey, you know we're in tough times and we're not immune to this economy. [clears throat, raises his hand] Stanley Hudson. Are there gonna be layoffs? Sp-Well, um, Michael should have filled you in last week. You didn't tell them. Yeah, I will. What I told Michael last week- Fantastic. It is official. It is official. And actually, guys, I'm encouraging branches to consider a freeze on discretionary spending. No, no, not salaries. Petty cash, supplies, and uh, you know, parties. What about your party? Michael, I'm going to stay for the day. No, it's a little bit more than that. I'm going to set up in here, ok? I am thrilled that the new boss has taken such an active interest in all of the responsibilities that I'm supposed to have. Thrilled. What gave you that idea? I see. Look, Michael, Charles is very qualified. Get to know him. I really think the two of you are going to make a great team. Ask him about the party. No the other thing. No. No. Saticoy Steel. No, I worked at a company called Saticoy Steel. No. Yeah, he knows. He just wants a good manager. And what is that? That's not how I plan on doing things. I'll tell David what he needs to know. Sorry. David wants it this way. Ok. Good. Listen, my name is, uh, Michael... Scotch. And, uh, I just wanted to say that, uh, I've got David Wallace's son in the trunk of my car. If he doesn't get on this phone in 5 seconds- David Wallace's office. Michael... [on cell phone] Charles Miner. Hello? Hello, who is this? Who is this? That is so unnecessary! It's no big deal. Thank you. Thanks, Charles. I do this for every branch I go to. If you do not like it, then I think there are some bagels left over from this morning. Michael? I just realized that I used the 2008 calendar to do the spreadsheets for January and February. I may need to come in this weekend to fix it. Ok. That's not the way it's gonna work. No, it is not. Ok, so we're on the same page, great. Ok, Michael, what are you doing? No, seriously. How old are you? Five years old? I will walk away. Stop doing that! And then, out of that cake, pops another stripper holding a smaller cake. And then an even smaller stripper pops out of that one. Cupcake. It's cupcakes and strippers all the way down. Excuse me, guys. What's going on in here? This doesn't seem like a good way to spend company time. You pet the animals and they pet you back. It's really just a regular shaped cake. This isn't a good use of company time, Michael. Everyone, except for Michael, go back to your desks. [Dwight, Jim and Pam leave] Thank you very much. Ok, Michael, I'm dissolving this committee. Yeah, I mean, come on. This is a work place. It isn't designed for your vanity. I don't know if I have hurt your feelings or you do not disagree with my methods, but it is over. Yep. [shuts door behind him] [coming out from bathroom] Michael. How did you get here, Michael? Ok. Michael. Listen- Well, I didn't know about the figs, specifically. . . That's not exactly- No. Yes. We didn't ask you to do that. [out of breath and wet] Charles and Kelly? Absolutely not. He is a sophisticated man. He does not need to go dumpster-diving for companionship, ok? Yeah. You're right. Yes. I get it. I get it, Michael. Here's what I'm going to do- We will move some money around, and I will personally see to it that you have your party, you have your figs. I will be in attendance. It's gonna be great. How's that? What? Michael get to the good part. At least he is in the building. Okay focus. Focus. You're in the right building, you're with the right people; what happened? Did you tell him how sick of him you were? Did you spit in his face? Michael is that scotch? Scotch with Splenda. Tastes like Splenda, gets you drunk like scotch. [in Oscar's ear] Clinky, clinky-clink. Come-on... come on, come on. Maybe you should go into your office, close the door, and make some calls about jobs? Do you have any leads on a job? You called any headhunters? Uh, I need you to go over this client list and indicate any wrong or false data. Hey Michael... Can I talk to you a minute? I just wanted to tell you that... Oh What? [takes a present out from behind his back] What's that? Um, you know, cause your leaving and so, it's a farewell... I hope I get to work with you someday again. Thank you. [to Michael] You interviewing too? Interviewing? Regional manager. For regional manager I've decided to go with an outside hire. For obvious reasons. Philly. Yeah, well this is one of the few places that's hiring. It's uh, its brutal out there. [overhears loud monster noises] Its Monster dot com. Singular. Thank you. [groaning ceases] Hi, you've reached Prince Paper. We are sad to inform you that after 40 years of serving the community we are no longer in business. Thank you for your support. May God bless you. [girl's voice] Bye! [sighs] What am I gong to do? Uh... [chuckles]. Yeah... .you want me to come in your office? Oh. I would prefer not to. You're starting your own paper company? Why? Do you know the industry is in decline? Right. No, I did that before, it added nothing. Okay. [keeps eyes open] I am not gonna do this. And you are not going to, either. Here's the thing. What I wish for you is that you land a job at a company that A, exists, and B, has a salary. Because they're set up to do that kind of thing. Okay. After you. My German is pre-industrial and mostly religious. Like Michael Scott Paper Company? Hmm... yeah. Listen Michael. Have you really thought this through? 'Cause it's a pretty big risk. Yeah... you could give it up though right? And almost nobody would know. Well, um, you can scan it, and then you can upload the image, and then you can copy the new image. Yeah. Good. She's such a special person. And she's turning 50 this year. No way!? In this climate? Your own paper company. Right... What a courageous venture. Location is hard for me, with the farm and the responsibilities... Okay. So yeah. You put a note in my food? Just to say "sterile" doesn't make it so. Do you have a business plan? A funding request? Market research, financials? You need those things. Most new businesses, they don't make a profit till at least two years. And then your margins will be razor thin. Best case scenario, you don't cut yourself a salary for at least 5 years. Can you go 5 years without a salary, Michael? Five years? It's just not prudent Michael. Can't you see I'm urinating? No. No. No I didn't. Okay, Michael? I can't pretend I haven't seen that. So I am going e to ask you to stand up, walk out. And you can't take anything. Okay Michael. I always thought Michael got a bad rap. He's a good guy. And he's super funny. Yeah, maybe I should tell him before he goes. He's all the way over there. No, no no no. You're done, Michael. I can't believe this is really happening. [Michael is Army crawling around the office] Michael? These are for employees only. Michael, why is it that you asked everyone except me, Angela, Creed, and Meredith? But you didn't want to start with us? I did have a chance to think about it, but then I thought about something else. Well it is tempting but I am 100% leaning towards something else. Okay, let me know if you find it. Michael get up! Michael, what are you doing? Hank? No, I don't need Hank Michael. Michael, wait! I'm coming with you. Yeah. Great. Uh, except, I don't want to be a receptionist anymore. Salesman. Still no. Oh, all my stuff is still upstairs so... Michael, its not how you leave in an office. It how you... Okay, see you later. Today is my first day at my new job at Michael Scott Paper Company Incorporated. You know, Apple Computers started in a garage. And we're starting in a condo. So we already have a leg up on Apple. [picks up piece of mail] Look, it's official! [door opens, Michael is in a bath robe] Michael, you were expecting me, right? Are you wearing anything under the robe? This looks great, Michael. Yes, please. ... Square is fine. So, what do you say we get started? I'm full. I feel good. [sees a huge pile of French toast] Wow. Yeah. I'm excited to start the company. We did that. So, what's next? Michael, just stop for a second. [reaches out to take the whisk] Michael. Stop for a second. No, I know you are. Just let me have... Oh. Fine! [eggs splatter all over his robe] Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Oh, he does. He does. You know, Michael. When I feel overwhelmed - Okay, first, work out. And, hey! Look! You did that. Check. [Michael doing leg lifts] Eat an enormous breakfast. Check. I think you should get dressed. Michael, that seems impossible. We need to come up with one realistic thing that we could do today. Great. No. What? Why? No. We're not gonna hire Ryan. Okay. We'll find him. Really? We have an investor already? Michael, that's fantastic. I have doubts about this too. But when one person freaks out, sometimes it weirdly makes the other one calmer. That's one thing I've learned about relationships. I hate that I just used the word relationship. [Michael comes out in a suit] Hey! You look great! [checks something off her list] Let's go! Next on the list - open the mail. No, okay. It's fine. It's fine. We're just gonna add "find office"... Next on the list -- song parodies. Great. Let's sing it in the car. Yeah. We have a meeting with an investor today. Hm. I'm looking forward to getting to know you better, Vikram. I'm swamped, Michael. [over the PA] Happy birthday to Sally in lane 27. Yes. Yes, it's possible. Michael! What's going on? Hey, you. This wasn't on the list. No. It's not. [looks at list] When did you add this to the list? I told you guys, I'm really busy here, so... What size shoes are you guys? No. What is he doing? Oh my God. Where is it? Do you guys want to hear about Thailand? It was indescribable. Michael! People turn to their families all the time when they need help starting out and if my Nana's investment club can help the Michael Scott Paper Company become a reality, then I'm sure that's what she would have wanted. Does want. So let's hear it. How do you expect to turn a profit in this economy? What's your mission statement? Kickoff. [to camera] My strategy is to touch the ball as little as possible. Chalk it up to teamwork. [to team] Alright! [clapping] Michael, I don't know about this. I'm not so sure. We could just give him a chance. It's not much money. This isn't a handout club. It's an investment club! I love you, Michael. I do. Do you get TNT? The station? Do you get TNT? I can't do this. I can't do this. I had a real job. I sat ten feet away from my fiance. I had health benefits. I was just feeling impulsive. I should have gotten a tiny tattoo on my ankle. I just keep getting bored. And I let things build up and build up and then I - I, I do something too big, like this. Who does this? We don't have any money. We don't have an office. We don't have anything. How come out of everyone in the office, I'm the only one that went with you? Is it because I'm that stupid? I mean, your own grandmother doesn't even believe in you! Yeah. So what are our options? Well, we can start this paper company. We can try. Or... that's it. That's our only option. Because we quit. Pam, I do my best work when people don't believe in me. I remember in high school, my math teacher told me I was gonna flunk out. And know what I did? The very next day I went out and I scored more goals than anyone else in the history of the hockey team. See what I mean? I thrive on this. I thrive on it. So I'm gonna go inside. I'm going to make some calls, I'm gonna get us an office space, and I'm going to show you why you joined this company. Okay? [Pam nods] You gotta have some extra space. Philly, work with me here. There's gotta be some sort of secret office that you have... lurkin' around... some awesome, free, keep it off the books... Oh, no. Not there. That would be humiliating. I did what I had to do. I stepped in. I took charge. That's what being a man is. And earlier today, I was freaking out. Pam stepped up. She was the man. Don't think a woman can be a man? Well, then that's your stereotype, not mine. I could work here. I could see this. Are you good? I'm good. Michael, you're back. Mmmhmm. Morning Michael! Hello! They took away my parking space but they can't take away my pride! [awkwardly climbs out of his car] I thought Rajini Ghanda was a boy's name? What should we do now? We wait, and hope that people show up to the pancake luncheon. I don't know I think we've done absolutely everything you can do to prepare for the day. I've updated our contacts, I have gotten quotes from suppliers. I have sent out an E-vite for our big grand opening pancake luncheon. Six yeses, one maybe, only eleven noes. Um, and 788 not yet replieds. But of that group, 782 have viewed it. You should come into town this weekend man. Yeah, we'll hang out Scranton style. Hey buddy. What the hell? [Michael closed his laptop] Shut up! Not much? What's up with you? [from bathroom above] Nah it's okay. I'm in the bathroom. Hey you been watching Damages this year? It's so good. No, you gotta tune in, it's as good as anything on HBO. [sound of pissing] Hey does blue go with tan? I have like, like a blue shirt? I don't wear a lot of colors, I have a lot of tan. Uh huh. Oh yeah I bet. Michael, we can hear you. Come on! Ryan! Look I just want you and I to hang out so, you know. Just, [They Hi-5 badly] Boom. Definitely. Or you could f*re one of us. Whoever has less education. .... Corner idea? Last night was crazy. Jojo? Yeah. He did a donut in a parking lot in front of a cop. And then he yells, "Hey cop, you like donuts?" then we drive off. No, he just stayed there. [Pam goes to sit in a chair in the corner.] I want that new phone. No, the other one. No the other one. No, you know which one I'm talking about it's the one, the one with the awesome browser. [More bathroom noises] No, not that one. I thought that was your corner. So my corner's the one with the copier? I'm just gonna sit here for a little bit longer if that's okay. The air smells so good. I don't remember it smelling so good. The chairs are so comfortable. It's really cute. She's upstairs talking to Charles. Are we staying til five? Yes. Maybe the Michael Scott Paper Company was a huge mistake. I should leave. I should go, and start my own paper company. That'll show 'em. I'm texting. I don't want to get my fingers sticky. Ryan, enough with the texting machine. Come on. And tuck in your shirt, you're the face of this company. Hey. Yeah, I needed to take care of some stuff. That's as specific as I'd like to be. These are terrible boss. You gotta make them in a circle so that they cook evenly. You have to stop. [bangs on glass window][Michael sits alone at the pancake table alone, the breeze blowing paper around.] Keep going. [Whispers] We already offered free delivery! Write it down. A guarantee of what? And I guarantee, that you will be satisfied! 'Cause your satisfaction is our guarantee! We guarantee it. We look forward to doing business with you too. Thank you Russell. Oh! Oh! We did it ! She did it! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! [Dancing in the office] Things are a little slow here. And there's only so much cold-calling you can do in a day. Turns out there's no limit to the number of cheese puffs you can throw at someone's face. When Michael was in charge, this place was like the Roman Empire. And the Wild West. And w*r-torn Poland. And Poland. There was just a lot going on, so what you wore to work was the least of anybody's worries. And in that chaos, I soared. Hey. Ed's Tires is thinking of making a change. They have some great kitchen ideas. It's small, I know. Thanks, Michael. [Michael palms Dwight cash in their handshake] Wait, what is this? Wh- I don't need $6 to help a friend. Michael, you know I can't take this. But don't forget you owe me $10. I was going to use today to purge my inbox, but now something much more pressing has come up. I'm not gonna do that. I can get there. Oh, awesome. [sighs] It's firm. I don't know that I can do that now. You know, uh, something's come up. No, Mose is fine. I roped it off. It's not about Mose. Listen, things are changing here, Michael, they're changing fast. Imagine... Someone has a personal hero they really wanna help. But then there's this new guy. Very cool, very Will Smith-esque, who would not like it if he helped his hero. Good, do you see what I'm saying? No. No. It is possible that I could be talking about us. It is the situation that we are in now. I'm not a barbarian. I will. Yes? I've said too much. Okay. [Charles comes from around corner] Hi, Michael. No, Mich-Michael. Michael, no, let's be cool, ok? Yes. We need to talk about our two companies, and how we should behave. Dwight tells me you've been pestering him for company info. Michael, I want you to stop pestering my salesmen, and I want you to leave Dunder Mifflin alone. Do you understand? I. Understand. Nothing. Michael, are you alright? Yeah. We can't help you if you don't just tell us what happened. [on phone] Dwight Schrute. I think you have the wrong number, Michael. Michael! Finally. Dammit! [hangs up] And you have bad skin. Oh, look everyone, we're all making observations! [gibberish sounds] I spent a month putting that rolodex on his Blackberry, which he now uses as a nightlight. Michael has been talking to my biggest client. Master and apprentice pitted against one another for the fate of the greater Scranton area paper market. So it's not exactly like 'Highlander,' but still... I would like to arrange a truce. Meet me in our spot in four minutes. Michael. In which direction? At what time? That- [looking at his watch] Michael. [Madge walks by] Sorry. Michael. You were making me do things that were not all right. And not come through for you? I want a truce. Let me take you and your whole company out for lunch at Alfredo's. I had fish yesterday. Damn it. Oh, hi, Michael. I'm so sorry I'm late. I got stuck in traffic. I h*t a bear. He's technically fine. I imagine the true horror will be when he wakes up in a zoo. [throws a fish into the vent at Michael's office] Hey, listen, will you do me a favor and order the meatball parm for me, with extra cheese? Ok, I will see you very soon, alright? [takes all the items off Michael's desk and puts them into briefcase, including rolodex] Oh my God, I think we've been robbed! Did you enjoy your lunch? No, Michael, you were sabotaged. Me. I broke it. Yes. You think this is some kind of game? No, this is a w*r, and I will not stop, I will not rest. You have no idea what kind of enemy you've created. You have unleashed the wolf! And I knew that you would do that. The meatball parm is their worst sandwich! And say hello to Cheri, who is your black wife. [hangs up and answers cell phone] I see you're begging for mercy, huh? Well, you will find none here. Sure. That'd be fine. This is w*r and that is what happens. Oh, no. No. No. No. No. Michael! Michael! Mr. Schofield's ready to see you now, Mr. Scott. Don't let him in! He's a traitor! Michael! Michael, good to see you. Mr. Schofield, good to see you. And I'm closing the door. [Dwight runs out of the office] Really? Oh man, he got me so good. I learned something about myself today. Yeah. I wish this was a sofa, cause I feel like I could sit here and talk for hours. Dwight, I'm in a meeting. La la la! Continuing. Notice my persistence and recall. Continuing! You called Dunder Mifflin, and your order was filled within an hour! Come on. Why don't you guys just e-mail me your best offers and we can finish it up that way? Uh, ok, sure. Excuse me? How is Tom, the h*m* h*m*? 30 in the morning. Do you know where your kids are? If you are Ryan's parents or Pam's parents or my parents, you do. They're gonna be in this van. With me. Who am I? Nothing to fear. I am just a 44 year old guy with a paper route. 00 AM deliveries for a couple weeks now. Ever since I've gotten clean there's something about fresh morning air that... just really makes me sick. You didn't happen to bring any coffee, did you, Michael? Oh, awesome. You're a life saver. [drinks from coffee cup] Wait, is this just milk and sugar? Do you drink this every day? Every morning. Been there, done that. Michael, we should really consider getting a delivery guy. Why would I love that? Can we afford a delivery guy? Most dorm rooms don't even have that. Let's see what a delivery guy costs. Come along, afterthought. Well, if these numbers you gave me are correct-- Then you can't afford to pay him anything. Your prices are too low. But you need to use a variable cost pricing model. Okay. As you sell more paper and your company grows, so will your costs. For example, delivery man, health care... ...business expansion-- At these prices, the more paper you sell, the less money you'll make. They're actually putting you out of business. It's a program. There's no such thing-- Did it help? Oh, okay. [kisses Pam] Don't worry about it. Steve Martin's not dead, Michael. You want to hear something sad? I went to Fort Lauderdale. Yeah, it was amazing. There was a great Pad Thai place, though. You've never had Pad Thai. Okay, so I'll be back in, um-- back in a bit. Hey, can I talk to you guys for a second? Actually here for something else. He's bluffing, Pam. Oh! Oh! See I'm here to learn as little information as possible. All I really need to hear is if your incredibly successful company would be receptive to a buyout. Three yeses. I will see you titans of industry upstairs. Missed the last part. Got it. Okay, so you are not going to reveal in any way that we're broke. That we're having any problem at all. Just to reiterate, none of us is going to say anything that might indicate that we are going broke. Right, right. There is no way in hell that I am going to say that we're broke. No, Michael. We have to come from a position of strength. Just put it out of your mind. It is. I'm good. Hi. Michael, in order to expedite these negotiations, we are prepared to make you a very generous offer. Michael, you haven't even heard-- $12,000. Here's the situation. Your company is four weeks old. I know this business. I know what suppliers are charging. I know you can't be making very much money. I don't know how your prices are so low, but I know it can't keep up that way. I'm sure you're scared. Probably in debt. This is the best offer you're gonna get. Okay, now I don't know that I can get this. I do have to go to the board for approval. How's about $60,000. Hmm? $60,0000. Michael? Mm-hmm. Okay, yes. Please take the room. Be right outside. Take your time. $60,000. So you've thought it over, yes, and you accept our offer. We can finally put this whole thing behind us? Hmm? Why are you assuming you'd get the whole thing? No, Michael's right. Jobs are safer. Yeah, discuss these things-- Shut up, shut up. Hello? They don't make them anymore. That's very kind of you to say, David. No. Uh, you already have a new receptionist-- Pam's not a salesperson. Okay. Please continue. Ryan cost Dunder Mifflin hundreds of thousands of dollars, Michael. Ryan is-- Do you realize what you're asking for here? You're talking about salary plus health benefits-- Insurance, taxes, social security for three people. This is a heck of a lot more than 60 grand. You're talking about a multi-million dollar buy-out. Your company cannot be worth that much. Michael-- Okay. Deal. Okay? Alright! Yes! Can you believe it? That's what I'm talking about! Hey, guys-- At least once a year, I like to bring in some of my Kevin's Famous Chili. The trick is to undercook the onions. Everybody is going to get to know each other in the pot. I'm serious about this stuff. I'm up the night before pressing garlic and dicing whole tomatoes. I toast my own Ancho chilies. It's a recipe passed down from Malone's for generations. It's probably the thing I do best. [whispering] Who is it? [whispering] It's Michael Scott. [applause; Michael jumps through sign] Hold it up. Conference room, five minutes. [after a few moments of silence] Wh--what are you doing? Okay. People are dressed inappropriately. Can you give us a hint? When I needed salespeople for my new paper company, everyone here turned their back on me. Am I going to ask them to beg for forgiveness? No. Am I going to ask for big, crying apology? No. Am I going to ask them to slit their wrists for me? No. I just want a tiny, microscopic version of that. Nothing. I didn't say anything. Do I still have a job here? How is that going to work? Yeah , aren't we getting those clients back? I call foul, sir. You were bought out. So the company then bought out all of the stolen clients. Well, I was in the Seminary for a year and dropped out 'cause I wanted to have sex with this girl, Cathy. Followed her to Scranton. Took the first job I could find in H.R. Later she divorced me. So no, I wouldn't say I have a passion for H.R. Oh, thanks, man. Thank, Michael. That one's great. You look so classy in that picture. Hey, you have a second? Yeah, I think you're going to want to cool it with that 'cause it's starting to upset the other salesmen. Tough. This is awkward to talk about, but there may or may not be--but definitely is--a mutiny forming in the warehouse right now. It's gotta be because they all want their clients. The old Michael Scott might have taken this, but not the new Michael Scott. They are in for a bitter surprise. I am not to be truffled with. Mm-hmmm. What you gotta do is you gotta go down to that warehouse and you gotta cr*ck some skulls. Chiklis style. Yes, but Chiklis Shield style. Not Commish style. Want to play a game? Lunch. A restaurant. I had Mexican food. That looks great. I can eat. It's pony. Dijonnaise. And you're a temp and I'm taking your phone. I'm confiscating this. We want our clients back or we quit, Michael. Me too. No, we gotta be deadly serious. We'll start our own paper company. The Schrute-Bernard-Lapin-Vance...Stanley Paper Company. You want us to apologize to you? That's completely backwards. Michael, you always said we were a family. Then you went after us. No matter how I look at this, I am in the wrong. And I have looked at this thing, like a hundred different ways. From my point of view, from their point of view...98 others. And the bottom line, I am in the wrong. I'm the bad guy. Gasp. Are you talking about a secret meeting? I don't know that first things about secret meetings. I'll do-- I'll do the best I can. Deceit does not come easy to me. You look like J-Lo. Are you giving us our clients back? Nobody likes that stuff except for you. Michael, just give us our clients back. That's all we care about. So? That's fair. I don't know. Sure. Let me just finish this turn. Challenge. I don't want to be biased, but I am very close to Ryan. You know that. Eh, she's nice, I guess. You know what? Best thing to do, Pros and Cons list. Well, that's-- Cons, Ryan. He defrauded the company. He has never made a sale. He definitely stole my iPod. You didn't hear my pros. Environmentally-conscious 'cause his mom drives him to work everyday. Mm-hmm. That's not true. I think she'd be a really good salesperson. And I won't. All right. You're right, sometimes when she's tired, she can be a little bit shrill. But that's not a weird voice. Take it easy. Ho-ho, man! Wow. [in a high-pitched voice] Honey! I want you to bring the garbage out. 'Cause I'm not going to have sex with you unless you bring out the garba-- There's not a single appropriate outfit in this whole--except mine, quite honestly. Just tell me. No, okay. Okay, I get it. [Michael laughs] Why are you giggling? Is this a joke? [Michael continues to laugh] Michael, is this-- did I get the job? I did? For real, you're not kidding? I did? Oh, Michael, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. You will not be sorry. Oh. [laughing] I really thought I didn't get it. What about Ryan? Yeah. Maybe you shouldn't fake f*re people anymore. Thanks, Michael. Erin. [opens door] Erin. Michael wants to see you. Hi. Have a seat. Oh, I can go. Oh! Is--do the people-- Oh! Do they not like me, though? Not cool. [Dwight still laughing] [caught by camera crew dancing to "At the Car Wash", but laughing] Oh, no. I still have the lease on the Michael Scott Paper Company, so occasionally I will sneak down here for a little coffee and dancing. I actually dance all the time. Tip-toeing around corporate - it is a ballet. When I am breaking all the rules, I am break dancing. And expresso. I do. Oh, I can't do lunch. I was just sending you an email. Jim and I need to leave early today to meet with our contractor. Just sent it. What about the rest of you? [complete silence] At Dunder-Mifflin there is a very strict no lunch with the boss policy and I don't know who instituted it. I think it started right after my predecessor stepped down, but at the Michael Scott Paper Company I really enjoyed having lunch with Pam and Ryan everyday. So, rules be damned, I wanna have lunch with these people. Now that I'm back to doing the job of a temp, again, I find that food is one thing I can control. Michael, we have a lot of work to do. Work. Oh, no. Your battery fell out. Michael? Michael sorry to bother you. Are you going to be working down here? Do you want these down here now? Well, I like to swim. You have a cool place to come hang. Thanks. Wow. Now I do got it. Oh, yeah. That's rule #1. Whew. I love it. Guys, I believe that I have figured out what is up your butts. There's no reason to be scared. The bad man is gone.Charles is gone. Charles really did a number on these guys. They are way too focused on work. When I was in charge, this place was like Dave and Buster's People just hanging out, having, fun, eating apps. I don't know. It's like [pause] Dave d*ed or something. Please don't refer to yourself as our daddy. [baby voice] Wittle Andy is afwaid. Yes. No. What? That makes sense. Is this our punishment for not wanting to have lunch with you? This is like a haunted coffeehouse thing? It's like a haunted disco. It's a combo dance house coffee bar. It's a cafe disco. So, like, a disco cafe? Wha - No. No. Not even close. I can't force you to go down but I can entice you. I'm gonna be down there. Erin will be down there from time to time... and all-you-can-eat espresso. Yeah. Yeah. This place is great. I'm sorry. Come. Kevin, come. Kevin, come. Come on, right now. [to Michael] Is there a cookie? Wha - Completely unacceptable. Mmm-hmm. Hi. Hey. I like. Oh! Mother ******! Back! [moans in pain] Wow! Sorry! Hey! Hey, hey, hey! I got your text. Who's Phillip? It's my back. Call a doctor. No. Call Bob. Yeah. Back injuries are common. Not as common as knee injuries but more common than wrist injuries. What do you think history is? It's just, we need to get her out of here because no one is going to want to go in there with a woman writhing around on the floor. Wait, wait, wait. But most importantly we need to get her some medical attention. ASAP. Stat. Out of the way! Move it or lose it! Oh, my God! What happened? You want to get sick you go to the hospital. What happened to Phyllis? Can you please go back to work instead of masterminding these situations were in we hurt ourselves? I would like the memory of a day uninterrupted by this nonsense. Yes. Like unplug the coffee machine and bring it up here. Forget the sandwich. Girls. Girls. I'm not sure, but I'm pretty sure I'm in a dance off. Alright! I hear it, too, Boss. Oh yeah. you've got a knot in your crest. This remedy has been passed down in my family for generations. and it always works. My grandfather was told that Diamond Dancer would never race again. they were wrong. He came in 9th in the Apple Creek Derby and his jerky came in 3rd the following year. A majestic beast. So fast. So tender. Stop! No. I didn't come down here to get wet and wild. I just need you to sign these. No. You need to sign them all. Look, I hate to be "that" person but I just don't like the general spirit of music. Boss, this used to hang from my windshield but it belongs in here. When I say it out loud it's so silly. [they both laugh] You are forcing me to be down here. Am I not allowed to have some fun? We should probably stop by. It'd mean a lot to him. What dance competition? I was just dancin' casual with my friends, y'all. We're gonna stay. Yeah. At least for one more dance. Yeah. Normally I don't condone leaving early, but I have an appointment with the horse doctor. How that horse became a doctor, I don't know. [laughs heartily] No, I'm kidding. He's just a regular doctor who sh**t your horse in the head when its leg is broken. [silently counting] Three, two, one... [Erin turns on the office lights, all laugh loudly] You had to be there. Oh yay! Geography joke. [still laughing, notices the time] Oh! Wow! Okay. Alright, let's all go home. Come on. See you all tamale. Michael, isn't that Holly? Oh no, I see they're letting just anybody in here. All right. Hi. You remember AJ, my boyfriend? Hey Michael. Lemonade sounds great. I'd love an iced tea, actually. You can go to hell. [laughs] I'm kidding. Um, sure, I will get you the best iced tea in the world. Come on, folks! We're designing a house. For us. I like that. Put me down for a pair. I'm a size 34 waist. You guys are really gonna do this? You bet your fat ass we are. Yep, the old comedy team is back together again. [in a New York accent] Have ya hoyd the news? Extry! Extry! Read all about it! [to Phyllis] Had to be part of the group. [laughs] Ooh, yes please. [takes a bite] Mmm. So what do you have planned for us today? Hmm? Do you have a script for the sketch, or... I don't hear cheaters, tramps, or women who break my friend's heart. Let's go! [gasps] We could do Back to the Future. We have to convince Dunder and Mifflin to go back in time... fix their parents. [both laugh] Jaws. They swim in the ocean and they terrorize the whole community. Dun-der. Dun-der... Oh... We haven't found our great idea yet. Oh. Welcome to the 43rd Annual Company Picnic, everybody. Thanks for being here. Now, a couple of employees have volunteered to entertain us with a song. Okay, introducing Scranton's Michael Scott performing with Nashua's Holly Flax! I have not seen this. [applause] SlumDunder Mifflinaire! [laughter] Are you ready to play SlumDunder Mifflinaire? For one hundred dollars, where did Dunder meet Mifflin? A.) On easy street, B.) a tour of Dartmouth College, C.) they never met, D.) brushing their teeth? That is correct! [both run to another side of the stage, acting out a different scene] How did you know that?! [pantomimes electrocuting Michael] [now pretending to be Dunder and Mifflin] Nice campus. Think you'll get in? I'm Robert Dunder. Robert Mifflin had a great life. But unfortunately, had undiagnosed depression, which over nine million Americans suffer from and is very treatable. For two hundred and fifty dollars, how did he k*ll himself? A.) A rope, B.) a Kn*fe, C.) a g*n, D.) brushing his teeth! That is correct! The economic downturn has been difficult recently, forcing the closures of both Camden and Yonkers, to be followed soon by what other branch? For five-hundred thousand dollars, is it A.) Scranton, B.) Buffalo, C.) Utica, or D.) toothbrush! [pantomimes biting off Michael's fingers, Michael screams] How did you know that?! They didn't know? How could you possibly think that the right way to announce a branch closing was in a comedy sketch at the company picnic? What about the fact that they're here today? What about that? That didn't throw up any alarms? No, Michael needed a little bit for his comedy sketch, and he thought, "oh, this would be really funny." Damn it, Michael, I told you that in confidence. Now I have to go over and deal with these employees and their families. A little boy just walked up to me and said, "is my daddy gonna have a job by Christmas?" Oh man, I am so mad that Pam got hurt! Argh!! Rrrraah!!! [kicks volleyball into the woods, calmly] I'll get it. [walks slowly toward the woods] Hindsight. How do you think it went before the Buffalo thing? There weren't any laughs. Yeah, but we wrote it specifically for this audience. Well, I'm glad we did it. I loved it. You know, there was a part near the end that seemed like that went on a little long, but... [laughs] Okay. So good to see you. Michael. [they shake hands] Okay.Andy & [crouching beside car] Jump over the camera! Jump over the camera! [Michael feebly attempts to jump off car, gives double thumbs up to camera] [to Michael's camera] Hardcore Parkour! If they get married before I do, I'm going to k*ll myself. Nobody. It's Eric and Megan. They're not getting married. It's just talk. There's nothing to know, it's just gossip. No, keep it up. [typing] Okay, let me finish this thought. [still typing] He most definitely does. He's been asking her out repeatedly for weeks. She finally said yes. They went out on a group date the other night; apparently it went very well. [still typing] People tell me things. I guess I have a face you can trust. I think it's because of my low cheekbones. And... boom. [finishes typing, turns to face Michael] Okay, what is it, what can't I guess? I hate, hate, hate being left out. Whether it's not being picked for a team, or being picked for a team and showing up and realizing the team doesn't exist. Or that the sport doesn't exist? I should've known. Poopball? What are you talking about? At Tink's? How'd you know about that? Did Stanley tell you? No, Stanley was with his wife. I waved at him, but he didn't wave back. No. [laughs, looks to camera excitedly] There he goes. There he goes. [Stanley gets up from his desk, walks into kitchen area] [stare blankly at Michael] Just keep it to yourself then. Stanley's way past the middle of his life. Especially considering his height to weight ratio. Teri's out of town, Michael. Teri, Stanley's wife. She's at an interior decorating expo in Philly. Stanley hates crowds, kids, and music. I think you should check your facts. [starts to speak, says nothing, walks away] What are you talking about? He was definitely with somebody. [chuckles] If that was his sister, then what they were doing was totally illegal. Making out. [fumbling for words] Mmm... okay. Uhh... hmm... okay. Never mind. Carry on. WHAT?? I am very happy right now. Thrilled perhaps, to be part of the office, to be part of the conversation. When you have somebody's attenton, and their eyes are lighting up because they are very interested in what you have to say, [Michael is seen whispering to Jim, then Pam] that is a great feeling, and I experienced that firsthand today. It is wonderful to be the center of attention. Q. T. T! Yes! Yes! That is a "T", and there's another one right there. Just sound that out. You're almost there. I'm meeting a client. Do you have a problem with that? Goodbye. [walks away] [approaching Michael] You have to stop this. I did. From you. You gotta stop telling people. Do you know if it's true? Do you have any idea? Because you might be ruining his life. [stares at Jim silently, then walks away] [as Michael gets in car] That is ridiculous. Of course not, why would you think that? [hits steering wheel angrily] Damn! I told her it was a stupid idea to go up in that club. It's just that... Teri's been traveling a lot... And it's been lonely. Cynthia's been keeping me company. She was my nurse, when I was in rehabilitation. We used to go on these long walks on the treadmill... I didn't... Yeah, but Michael, I'm going to go break it off. That's where I'm headed right now. I swear. I just need you to promise not to say a word about this to anyone. Michael, please. I'm counting on you, Michael. [sighs] I might have extra, it just depends on how many I eat. Yeah... what do you mean exactly? Reeeeally. Uh huh. [gestures to Kevin to keep it quiet] Alright? Kelly has an eating disorder? She always eats my lunch. We should do something. Nothing can be done, we just have to tell everybody and hope for the best I guess. Really? Andy Bernard?? Mm hmm. Really? A few months, that's why they're rushing the wedding. [whispering] Guys, guys... you can't believe everything you hear. Like Stanley, having an affair? That is crazy! It's just... there's no stalking it. It's a weird day for false facts. Let it go. [in unison] Yes. Yeah, sure, but... who's been saying all that stuff? I heard it from Michael. [to Michael] Where are you going? Come on, boss. [reluctantly exits elevator] Even the fact that I'm gay? [relieved] Yes! No. We heard that about Jim. How is that a bad rumor? [pissed off] You told everyone I was having an affair? Michael... am I gay? Stop. Don't. Just... Nope. It's true! [talking head with Jim] It's clear why we were trying not to tell people. That's clear now. [Jim nods, looking at floor] [look at each other uncertainly] Michael, we only told our parents last week. I did. It was inconclusive. [exchanges looks with Jim] You're right. We should've realized that you are an equal part of this. Michael, Teri Hudson returning your call. [in disbelief] You called Stanley's wife? Don't take it. If you talk to her, you're gonna tell her about Stanley, and that's gonna seem more suspicious. You can't do this. Michael, please don't. [gets up to leave room, Michael gestures for him to stay] [hangs up Michael's phone, leaves room] You wanted to see me? Yeah sure. Is everything okay? I'm sure everything will be fine. [pulls up a chair] What do you? What's the procedure, if you don't mind my asking? Okay. [sighs] Oh my God. So Michael, do you think you can give me a run down on the Buffalo clients by Monday? Okay, I will look at it Monday. Hey, Good luck. Ah, this is just me and David, if that's okay. No, ah it's okay Michael. We got it. Yeah. [nods] Okay. [Jim smiles and waves to Pam] Am I worried that Jim and David are having a meeting without me? No, because we are the Three Amigos. And once in awhile one of the Amigos will go off... to the bathroom... while the other two have a secret meeting. [shrugs] Okay, it's just three or four steps but thank you, thank you. Yeah, I think the pregnancy really brought us together. Ummm, I don't know. Did I? Doesn't sound like me, not very superstitious. Please don't talk about my breast milk. Yeah. Well, we did a little investigation and Dwight had a good point. The ladder didn't reach the top shelf. I don't know if I believe it, but I am a fan of the hardboiled detective novel. [impression] I'll punch you in da mush, see. Who was that? Michael, we would like to continue the rest of this meeting in private, please, if you don't mind. [spying on David and Jim] They've been in there a while. Can't be good. Think they're talking about me? Yeah, that makes way more sense. Okay thanks boss. What can I do for ya Hoss? Oh, I'm sorry Phyllis, you explain this email, okay. "Hey Andy let's go visit grandma and then get drunk together, ha ha." Shhh, I'm just trying to figure out what's going on in that room, okay? Wallace had to show up on the one four month period that I'm completely overwhelmed. You know when they say it's so crazy it just might work? Well, I don't believe that. I say go for the air-tight plan and that is why I am having Andy wheel me into the conference room inside a makeshift cheese cart. It is just elegant. I think he's around here... Ah, yeah, could we talk in your office for a second? Are you sure you're okay with these new responsibilites? I'm just trying to figure out the best way to utilize everyone's talents. What about Jim? Do you think Jim is someone who is ready to move into a management position? Please do. I thought you liked Jim? [reading performance report] "Constant office distractions, spends way too much time at reception, antagonizes other salesman, not at all what he thinks he is." Is there anybody else you think could run the day to day of the branch? Jim had an interesting idea to help you with this extra work load and it involved you being promoted to oversee all northeast sales and then Jim would be promoted to your position. Mmhmm. Sure. [after talking to David, Jim looks dejected] I can't help but feel partially responsible. When you were in the office earlier talking to Wallace, did I come up at all? Why don't we head in your office to talk? Michael, look I'll just be honest with you. Earlier today I spoke with Wallace about a promotion. I actually think that talk went really well. And then after he spoke with you, for some reason it felt like things had changed. Michael, did you say anything? Really? You will? Wanna do it right now? [on phone] This is David. Yep. So, what, you're changing your mind about Jim? Michael, it seems like you're cutting in and out... This is not what you said earlier. Well, it doesn't change what you showed me in Jim's file. So Dwight and Darryl came to an agreement that both would file complaints with corporate and now I get to do all this paperwork. We worked it out. How many times have I asked you to put me up for a branch manager job. So instead, you screwed me? David Wallace is calling. Should I tell him you'll call him back? I, yeah... no, I'll tell him myself. Let's both. Hey Michael, you got Jim there with you? Actually, can you call Jim in? I want him on, please. Hey guys, so I spoke to Alan, we had kind of an unconventional idea, which I think is pretty cool. But it only works if everyone's on board. Wow, that sounds pretty cool. Co-manager and Co-manager. See, there are a lot of moving pieces and this is the only way I can sell it upstairs. Okay people, listen up, I have an announcement to make, fraud was committed... I'm... I was making it. Co-manager of what? What's happening to you Michael? [in Michael's office] Could you please sign my expense report? [in Michael's office] I have a complaint about Jim. I would like to file a huge, enormous, massive complaint about the tallest guy in our office. Jim won't sign my expense report. No, that is huge. This has to do-- [at the door] Dwight, Jim wants you to keep it down. Michael... Can I talk to you in my office for a second? I have noticed that we-- Thank you. I've noticed we've been having a lot of conference room meetings. And I'm wondEring if perhaps those are a bit, um-- Yes. Okay, maybe we should talk specifics. Okay. Yesterday, we had a meeting about planets. I am. Right. Yes, I agree. I just think that maybe they're eating large amounts of the day. You mean on a weekend? How about this? I think our goal should be we don't have meetings unless they're absolutely essential. Really? You just agreed to that? Good. Good. [walks in, see's Oscar, Stanley, Creed and Kelly sitting in Michaels office] Okay, I thought I saw people missing. Really? Hey, Stanley, what was the last thing Michael said before I came through the door? Okay, Michael, I thought we agreed to not take up people's time with meetings like these. Michael, this is a conference room meeting. That's not what I meant. I disagree. Great. Guys, can I just have a moment alone with Michael? That is not what I said, and, also, I am co-manager, meaning you are not the only manager anymore. I am also I co-manager. That's exactly what Wallace told us. I love rivalries-- Michael or Jim, Paris or Nicole, Heidi or L.C. It's so much fun. But I guess if I'm really thinking about it and answEring your question honestly, I'd have to go with L.C. Heidi's a bad friend, and her skin is terrible. I'm not bossing you around. I'm trying to do my job, which is sharing your job, so maybe we should just call David Wallace. David Wallace is on line two for you guys. Hey, David. You got Jim here. Hey guys, um, I'm calling, because, unfortunately, we will not be able to give out cost of living raises this year, and I know people expect it. However, there just is only a small amount of money for each branch, so we're leaving it up to the managers to decide how to distribute it. It's probably a little of both. Wait, I'm sorry. Michael, are you-- are you texting me? Nope, not at all. Alright, thanks alot, David. You don't have to lie. Right. We have. Do you mean, like break-in in the middle of the night and change the numbers on payroll? Okay. You know what would help is a pros and cons list for our options. It's hard to tell so far. I'm sorry, are you advocating that I use it less? You just came up with that. Yeah. Okay, so for the 1.5% increase, pro-- everyone gets a little bit. Con-- no one gets as much as they did last year. Pro-- no favoritism. You know, the more I think about it, the more I think we should give it to the salesmen. I know. I just think it seems smart to keep the salesmen happy right now. 'Course I know that this might come off as biased, so you know what? Let us... I'm not gonna let you stop me from thinking. Michael. Look, you have a lot of strengths. I think that you are able to take constructive criticism very well. But there is a reason why I'm here! No, it's because you also have a lot of weaknesses, Michael! I don't think you're good at making tough decisions! At thinking out the options, and then stating that decision very clearly, especially when it's an unpopular decision. But maybe I'm here for a reason, because I might have some good ideas, too. I've been sitting out there, and I've been learning a lot, and maybe I can just bring something different to the table. [leave the conference room to address everyone] Wow! I'm just gonna rewind and back off a bit, so... [imitates a tape rewinding and chuckles, Michael comes over by Jim laughing] We just need to hear your plan for our raise. We would just like to know what's happening. Are we getting a raise, yes or no? This isn't a game, you know? It's our livelihood! Rank each person individually? [sarcastically] Well, obviously. Too bad he's a temp and doesn't count, so let's get started. [starts to write on a piece of paper] [to camera, holds up a bean] Each Boston Baked Bean represents half a percent raise. We each got 24 beans, so the idea is, you place the bean on the picture [walking around the table] of who you think deserv-- who's that? [picture that Michael drew of toby, looks like a monster] He's not a part of this. You know that. Okay, your move. Here we go. Okay, you're gonna still have to play that bean. You know that. Things were not this bad when just Michael was manager. No, I mean, what do you say to my plan? [all groan] Okay. What does a bean mean? Uh, on a scale of one to ten, I'd say I'm about a four. Six. You? I mean, a performance-based raise sounded like a good idea, right? We tried to find the fairest way to do it. I just-- what? [Michael give Jim a "World's Best Boss" mug] Thank you. What's in here? Ooh! [Dwight peels a hard-boiled egg at his desk, sniffs it and takes a bite; Pam stares at him, picks up her trash can and pukes into it] Watching people get sick always makes me sick. And... frankly so does talking about it. So... wow... [Andy, Phyllis, Meredith, Erin, Oscar and Angela all proceed to throw up in various places while Creed looks on eating a bowl of noodles; Dwight stares shocked; Pam wipes her mouth with a satisfied look] Yeah, but aren't you supposed to do that to our... no. It's great. Well, congrats. Really, Pam... Ow! He pinched me! See you later. [others say good-bye] What happens in Niagara, stays in Niagara. [laughter] No... I didn't steal your joke. But you can say that about anything. Oh yeah. It's easy. That's what I'm saying. This is what I'm talking about. When we leave here and go up to Niagara Falls we are representing Dunder Mifflin, everyone. This is a very important wedding for the branch. The most important wedding until I get married. So, I want you all on your best behavior or so help me, God. So... I will see you up there in Viagra Falls! I stole the guest list from Jim's desk and I search engined every female on both sides of the family. Yes. For instance, Pam's cousin, Jocelyn Webster. Two years ago she was selling a mountain bike. She had a couple hundred dollars to spend, I mean, if she was able to sell her bike. Well, if this is in fact her because it is a very common name. We should have hired a professional to take our mental pictures. What? No way! Oh. God. You know what? I made you a cd... Mmm-hmm. This is to play when you bring a woman back to your hotel room. You're gonna like this. [Dwight's voice on the cd] "Hello. This is Dwight Schrute. If you are listening to this you are a lucky woman Michael has seduced. Ah to be in your shoes. 'What's next?', you're probably wondering. Don't be scared of you're night in heaven--" [Michael turns off cd] Yeah. It's practical. I'm gonna need the name and cell phone number of the housekeeper responsible for changing the sheets, please. The proximity to the falls makes everything smell like a basement. I'm sorry, sir, but I'm not seeing you in here. When did you make your reservation? Here's your key, Mr. Schrute. No way. What if I meet someone? No. No. You would? Really? Wait a second. Oh. No, no, no. This must be some kind of mistake. This reservation seems to be under an M. Scott. This must be yours. Oh no. Now that I don't have a room, can I stay with you? Please? Mmm-hmm. Ok. Ok. A-ha-ha! [rips reservation out of Michael's hand] That was a test. You have failed. For this is my room. You would not share with me. No you do not. It worked. Jerk. Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Hudson. Are you crazy? I brought Cynthia with me. I got one queen size bed. A queen size bed is five feet wide. I am not five feet wide, Michael. Blow my brains out. Michael, I have one extra twin bed, if you want. No. Oh. Hi. Nice to meet you. Michael, I thought we discussed that we would rather you not speak, like, at all. Because it's just going to be blood relatives, I think. Pretty sure everyone heard that. Jim and Pam, I can't tell you how happy I am to be here. It's just for family. Isabel Poreba. Oh, I've got stuff on her. [laughs] In 1996 her tenth grade volleyball team went 10-2. You know what? Never too married for a noogie. A little mo' cardio. Knight Rider. No. Very smart. No. Pam can't drink? I didn't-- I shouldn't have said that. I don't know why I did. She can do whatever she wants, though she shouldn't. She shouldn't because she's an alcoholic. Pam is an alcoholic. That's not true. I-- no. What we want-- the real reason is that, that Pam's pregnant. They were living together? Michael. Oh, my God. Please. Michael. Michael. Stop. Alright. Mema. I can't believe it was me. Is there something about being a manager that makes you say stupid things? I'm so sorry. Oh, my God. Are you serious? There's gonna be a free room? Oh. You're that foul guy that kept talking about intercourse. Yes. Yep. One in the same. May I? I want to go to bed but I can't. I can't turn that television off. Oh. Thank you. It was that horrible Charlie Rose. People are like cats and dogs these days. This used to be such a great country. I don't know what happened to it. You mean, Sylvia. No. What? It's a casual, social outfit. No. They're howling at the moon. It's suggestive to women because of the howling during sex. I'm just worried about the farm, ya know? Mose hates to geld the horses by himself. I invented a device called 'Burger on the Go'. It allows you to obtain 6 regular size hamburgers, or 12 sliders, from a horse without k*lling the animal. George Foreman is still considering it. Sharper Image is still considering it. Sky Mall's considering it. Hammacher Schlemer is still considering it. Sears said, 'No'. Michael. Drop this one. Abort. I found twins. Aren't they magnificent? I love finding a good set of twins. Uh... I love you. Okay, I gotta--I gotta go! Goodbye. [hangs up phone] Oh my goodness. You'll have Pam to answer to. "Jim... hey why don't you braid my hair. I want to watch TV." No. No that was real. Okay. [lays on bed] Really? I hadn't noticed. Too busy knocking boots. I'm ravenous after a night of love making. You? Hey, what was she like? Brides side or grooms side? Or townie? No kidding. I bet she had hairy armpits. Isabel was nice, but I hope she doesn't think this is going anywhere. No. Oh please. Put a g*n in my mouth. Look. She's a dental hygienist from Carbondale and she makes love like one. She's a bumpkin. Pass. You should ask her out. It was my scrotum. Um, and it was. Thank you. [turns back to other woman] So, uh tell me again the difference between Filene's and Filene's basement. I'm standing. I'm a bridesmaid. The peeing is fast, Oscar. It's getting my tie back on. Oh, yeah--[hands Michael a snack] No. Oh, no, no, no. That's okay. I was just--I've had a very rough weekend. Relax. You'll get your sh*t at Jim. Those two treat the whole office like a 1970's key party. Oh-- Oh that sounds awful. Oh-- Yeah. Guess it is. Sisters in the can and we totally want to get her when she comes back. Well we are here now, so let's just-- Okay then! [takes flower girl to dance down the isle] Well the "fun" is in it. [conference room group chimes agreement.] [halfway out] Yeah, I know. Golf. Stock market. Dave Matthews. Uh, small things. Peas, ball bearings, dimes... The weekend! Well I caught my son taking a dump on the upper part of the toilet. He calls it an upper decker. Then do it. Write a book. [Michael walks in office, man waits on couch] Mr. Grotti, this is Michael Scott. He's the person you should talk to. In your schedule it just says nine til noon is "creative space" and I thought this could be part of that. You don't have anything in the afternoon. It just says "free play." Ah. As a manager of business, you have a lot of pride. None greater perhaps, than your need to be sure, that your small or large business is secure in the event of a covered loss. Okay. God forbid you... should have a f*re in the warehouse. Yeah, and a truck, goes off the side of the road, there's injury. You will be hearing from me Mr. Scott. I can be very very persistent. Do your worst. [they shake hands] Would you look at that people? What an unpredictable world we live in, huh? What happened in there? Did he thr*aten you? Mobsters are! No, not that, by itself. But look at all the facts. He seems like a mobster. For the record, not all Italian-Americans are in the Mafia. Exactly. Oscar says I checked out huh? Huh. [nods head] Well first of all, there is no such thing as 'The Mafia.' What you have are specific families. What's the guy's last name? No I disagree. "R" is among the most menacing of sounds. That's why they call it "m*rder." And not "muck-duck." Lock your door! You're right. You're right. [Pam hangs up] Oh, okay bye. Already? This, this guy is persistent! That's bad. That's bad. Yeah right! You heard him! He's gonna burn down the warehouse or run one of our trucks off the road. He's right. Cops can't do anything until a crime has been reported. Not only that, but if they find out you snitched, you get a dead horses chopped off head in your bed! You know what? That's how it works! The only way to defeat a bully is to stand up to him. Trust me, I have bullied a lot of people. [snaps fingers] I like this plan. I'd like to officially withdraw my plan. No, no, no. My plan is out! We do this the hard way. What? To change tires, no. But it's metal, I can h*t somebody with it. You're wearing loafers! Forget it! Forget it! Oh! God! [smacks roaches] You'll never k*ll it that way. You want to separate the head from the thorax- Guys, guys. Cool it. There he is, there he is. Mr. Scott. So, you got this table? This is one of those half booths, can't-decide-what-it-is type of thing. That's fine. Oh he's not that nice. Hmm. Very true. Okay then. And for you sir? The... what? [with Soprano's inflection] You know, gabba-gool. What he's trying to say is, Gabba. Gool. I don't really think that we have that. Bring him the gabba-gool! Okay. Because... You would love it. Yes I can. Thank you so much, I really appreciate it. I'm sure he can handle a simple jump-start. Now come on, sit down. Where were we? He was trying to force you to decide on a policy. So we're choosing... Check out Dental? Just do it. Yes. I don't understand, why would you buy a policy? You were man enough to back down Michael, I'm proud of you. It wasn't a snap decision, you were sitting there for an hour. Do you know what "snap decision" means? It means like this. [snaps fingers] Hello? Michael? How did you get this number? Michael, we're on a catamaran. That sounds bad. I'm gonna help you through it all right? All you're gonna need to [faking a bad connection] and- it- and then go to-- And then you'll be saved. Just [drops] and then you'll be saved. A- ah-- And you'll be saved. I [drops out] at the Bermuda Triangle. An- M- please don't call again. Jim?!? [dial tone] Oh my God. Accounting-wise, no. But phone-wise, just call up and cancel it. Just- no. No. Michael. Incredible news. Grotti is clean. Class act. Boy scout. And he made us all look like chumps! [grunts] This is Grotti. Oh! Great. Michael, I'm finishing up your paperwork right now. I, I thought you'd be pleased. What? I don't get it. How was I scaring you? Whoa. Okay. Okay that's- That's good, let's wrap it up. Look, Michael, when we all calm down here, maybe at some point in the future, you change your mind, why don't you give me a call? [relaxing] Oh man. Next time you look in the mirror, you're gonna be looking at a guy who stood down the mafia! We just told you he wasn't mafia, so you wouldn't be scared. You made the mafia apologize to you! You made the mafia be polite! Oh man. I should be mad at you guys. But I'm not. Just to be clear, he backed down an insurance agent from Mutual of Harrisburg. Yes? Okay. Okay. How do you return coffee? [goofy voice] Frank and beans! Yeah! Its Jim and Pam, Michael. Yeah... Nope. Hi, Michael. Oh, I haven't see you since my accident that I had when I fell- I fell into the pool of acid, eyes first. Blind guy. Oh, 'cause you spent so much on the wedding. Oops, sorry. [slides candy back to Pam] Oops. Well, that's great. Congratulations. Who's the lucky lady? What? You're messing with me. You did not have sex with Pam's mom. What kind of car does she drive? [expletive] Oh my God. [Michael bangs the table] Oh my God. Okay, never tell Pam, and secondly- Oh, Jesus! Okay, as far as dinner tonight, cancel that, and please, for both our sakes, never, ever, ever see her again. No, not more than anything. Don't call her "the mom." Then take a different way home, man! Okay, so we're good. Yeah. Sure. Oh, is it okay if I put out some candy that Pam brought back from Puerto Rico? No, it- [high-pitched feedback as Jim starts to leave, feedback changes as he moves, turns over the mallard to see the listening devics, sighs, places mallard back on the desk] [giggles] Michael, you're all set at Botticelli's. I changed the reservation to two people. Fun! Wow, Botticelli's, that sounds like a special occasion. [laughs] I don't know. I think Michael has a date. [laughs] I think you have a date. Uh, I think we should just drop it... 'cause obviously he doesn't want to talk about it. Yes, you do. Just take the parrot. Okay, back to the old grind. Don't- Sounds complicated. Yeah, but I mean, if you really like this person, then you should see where it goes. Of course. Oh. Oh! Gossip, who is it? Who is it? Who is it, Michael? ...Who? No, no, no, no, no. Oh, no. Oh, my God! Oh, my God! Nooooo! [to Michael] You seem tense. Hey, you want me to give you the chills? There's an egg on your head and the yolk is running down, the yolk is running down... There's a Kn*fe in your back and the blood is gushing down... Trust me it would only make you mad. [opera continues, Dwight looks at Jim standing outside his office, waves, Jim waves back] Is this because of the 60 Minutes segment about working conditions in our Peruvian paper mill? And whoever comes up with the best idea gets a $50 gift certificate to the restaurant of his or her choice. [everyone claps and makes comments] Volunteerism is important. Every weekend I volunteer at the local animal shelter and they need a lot of help down there. Last Sunday I had to put down over 150 pets all by myself. Paint a mural of Chicano leaders. I have a way to make Scranton a better place, you could leave it. [laughter] Get out and stay out, bye... I love it, conservation. Let's start by conserving our time and stop having these stupid meetings. [stands up and cheers] No more meetings! No more meetings! No more meetings! No more meetings! [Stanley cheers her on in the background] Yes! Angela! Please... Thank you. Sure well first of all I think that we could totally... [to Angela] Shhh... Who's pickle? I'm not apologizing to anyone. Michael owes me an apology. That is not okay dude. You have no sense of boundaries Michael. I don't think there's a whole lot of sleeping going on. Whatever, you know, sleep with my mom, sleep with everybody's mom... Whoa, that's my mother you're talking about... Uhh, huh, ho... oooh my God, you are ridiculous! You are never going to be my father, you get out! This reminds me, you owe me three bucks for gas. Yeah, sure, what's up? Um, yeah, ah, ah, that means a lot. Thank you for saying it. Yeah, er... pull up a chair or sit on the shredder. Ah, you should probably deal with that outside of the work place. Ok, I mean, I could talk to her. Yeah... that's why they pay me the big bucks. [both laugh] [to Michael] What's the matter, you can't fight your own battles? [to Michael] Oh, would that make you feel better? [gets up and puts a hand on Michael's shoulder] Buddy, I think that... Michael, you're just her rebound! Barely, I... I don't have all the facts. Frank and Bean... Mmmmm, yes! Then why'd you even offer!? Michael, let me make this very easy for you, I could give a sh[beep] about your happiness! Stop dating my mother! What's that supposed to mean? Yep... Punishment fits the crime, I accept. [shakes Jim's hand and leaves] Night Michael. YAY! We are doing a haunted house this Halloween. Which is actually kinda spooky because, as legend has it, on this very site there used to be a productive paper company. Yeah! [a chair falls over, Michael is seen hanging from the ceiling with a noose around his neck - the kids scream] Kids, just remember, su1c1de is never the answer. Alright? Why is Christmas the only holiday that can have a message? What the hell is wrong with you? Who wants candy? Wow. I bet we would. Cool. Mmm-hmm. Who doesn't? That is a mistake. Alright. Let's clear this up. [on phone] Well, there's actually been a few changes in the company and Michael and I are actually at the same level. So, I can- no. Nope. Why would that be a problem? Great. See ya' then. They said that they would feel more comfortable if you came along. I absolutely don't understand, either. Alright. Sure. Michael's a good teacher. A teacher is someone who stands right next to you your whole life and never lets you do anything. That's what a teacher is, right? Dave. Dave. Yeah. I've spoken to them on the phone. Yes, it is. No thanks. Mmm-hmm. ...and paper. Except it was going to resolve the melody, so now my head hurts. Feels like I held in a sneeze. Mmm! I hate this feeling. [sings] Suite 401. You're soaking wet. Wow. Sounds scary. I don't think it rained. My hip would be throbbing. Michael, can I get you something? A towel? Some cocoa? I'll just leave that suit in your office then. [Michael is walking around in one of Jim's suits] Um, Michael? The custodian from Raskin Design is on the line. He said they found your keys in the Koi pond. Did you say 'Koi pond'? Michael, people are asking questions. Michael, did you you fall into a Koi pond? Mmm... it's like Michael said. It was some- something else. So you fell in? So a child had fallen in? That is hilarious. [extends hand for a fist bump] Let me tell you something. I was never gonna make that sale. Staples? [Kevin clears his throat] Uh, David Wallace called. He heard you made a big splash at the meeting. Oh, my God. That was so mean what I just said and I didn't mean it. It was Kevin and Meredith put me up to it. Michael, don't listen to them. You just ignore their carp. Michael? Hey, boss, did you find Nemo? Michael, flounder is both a kind of fish and - I know what a flounder is. I'm not usually the butt of the joke. I'm usually the face of the joke. I wish Jim had fallen into that pond and he'd have to put on my suit and it'd be too short and he'd look... Damn it! He'd still look good. Michael, you make fun of us every day. Yeah. Every single day. Uh, we have. Countless times. That's never the case. I don't want people making fun of my nose. It's too small. Hey! It's on the list, everybody. I don't want people making fun of my weight. I don't want to say it out loud. I really didn't want to put it on the board but I thought maybe it was gonna come out somehow so... what are you gonna do? [she writes 'sex with a t*rror1st'] Um, Michael? The custodian called again. Apparently a Koi has d*ed. [everyone shows remorse] They want you to pay for it. When is the funeral? $300. Ok. Great meeting, everybody. That's it. Thank you. [everyone begins to leave] I think you just gotta ride this one out, man. No, they don't. Maybe if you make fun of yourself it'll all go away. Really? Do it. I am a big, stupid goofball. See? Oh, my God. Michael. You know, when you think about it, it's not all your fault. I mean, who puts a Koi pond in a lobby? Michael, please. Stop it now. You're embarrassing yourself. I was. Well, we'll deal with it as it comes. Guys. Michael can't handle this and as your boss I'm saying we're not watching it. What are you doing? No. Oh... man. I thinke when I started to see you go in I think I just froze. I should've grabbed you. I'm sorry. Look, I thought I could've done today's sales call alone. I mean, I may never be as good a salesman as you are, but I at least need the chance to do the job. Jim, I think I'm in your way. [leans back - they both exit] [laughing] He's alright. Thanks Michael. Good morning Michael. Hungry? Fish sticks are not an aphrodisiac. You're thinking of deer penis. Regardless. That was over two hours ago and it is now a scientific fact that you are hungry. [holds up tray] Bagel? K. I brought cheese too. Excellent. Thank you. [they hug] [comes over to hug them both] My girls. There they are. [Pam walks away] I think you guys all remember my mom from the wedding. Hi. Tell her how you gave it to me. He put it around my neck while I was still asleep this morning. What a nice way to wake up. Because of sex? Kevin! Pam's sales are fine actually. Thank you. Andy is complicating things. But I'm not worried. This will only up my game. I use to love coming here. The chicken parm is good. Big part of my childhood. Oh, maybe Michael will start dating that too. [sees table decorated with a banner and balloons] Oh my God! Michael, you did all this? Well, thank you. All of you. Oh you'll love it. You can have my guide books. I think I'm done with those really long plane rides. 49 again? That's nine years in a row. This is now our longest family tradition. Oh, burn. Burn on you... and a little bit on me, too. [they laugh] No. I'm 58. Uh huh. Congratulations. Oh, Michael what do you think? Grandma? Yay, Grandma! Maybe. Oh, oh no. I don't think so. Oh no, I think a triathlon is pretty much something I can rule out. It just-- doesn't interest me. Hmm... I might have done it when I was younger, but now there's just other things I'd rather be doing, instead of running and jumping and swimming-- Oh-- No, no... [laughs] You want to go snowboarding? Michael, what are you talking about? [sighs] Nothing. Just life-- and doing things-- before you die. I don't know. Okay, well, allow me. You know what-- gosh these tacos are awfully complicated to make. I will make everyone's tacos! Gra-ga-ga-ga-ga! What about your gift Michael? I'm sure I won't. Aww-- [opens present, reads inscription] A scrapbook of our first memories by Michael Gary Scott. For my girlfriend Helene on your birthday. [laughs] That's amazing. [looking through the book] A poem! I think it's wonderful, absolutely wonderful. You set the bar so high. Hey. Where'd you go? And then you stopped at the bar on the way back? Okay, weirdo. Come on. It's time for cake. Oh, I know. I love how they use butter cream frosting. Hmmm? I want you to enjoy that cake because I have something terrible I need to tell you. I want you to enjoy your cake before I tell you this terrible, terrible thing. Michael. Michael ,it's okay. I know that it took me a little while to come around and its still a little weird to get used to, but you obviously make my mom very happy. And that makes me happy. Well-- Okay, so-- Michael. I'm 58. What am I supposed to do now? Dammit. I am no closer to taking Jim down. What a waste of a day. I could of grown poisoned mushrooms that would have been this high by now. [bends over and hold hand about 1/2 an inch from the floor] They're mushrooms. They don't get that high. What? I am working. Really? Really? Why? I have the lowest sales record of anyone here. I have the worst attitude of any person here. Yeah, I'll take it. [turns to leave] You're bribing me? I want to h*t you. I want to h*t you. I'll do that. No. Are you kidding? No. I don't think I can h*t you in the office. So, um... we'll do it after work. In the parking lot. In front of everyone. I'm going to h*t you as hard as I can. Okay. See you then. Hey. Are you scared? We heard about the punch. Pam. She's going to punch the crap out of your face after work. I'm getting concerned that you don't seem to understand what's going to happen. Do you? alright. See you there. Hey. Inappropriate. All the time. Yeah. She wants it bad Michael. I can. And I don't support her choice to h*t you. But at the same time she looks crazy and I do understand her reasoning. I just need some time. I just need some time. Just give me some time to make a decision. No more than a week. Maybe two weeks. Why can't you just agree with me sometimes? Am I scared of getting h*t in the face? No. Everyday weirdo's pay dominatrix's hundreds of dollars for that very privilege. I'm scared I'm gonna love it. [claps hands] Let's do this. We're here for the show, Michael. Are you ready? [goes to punch Michael; he flinches] You have to keep your hands down, Michael. Put your hands in your pockets. What are you sorry for? How about for dating my mom? And dumping her on her birthday. Okay-- just-- don't ever date a member of my family again. Are you okay? [walks with Michael back into the office; Michael is clutching is face and limping] Wait, why are you limping? Let's get some raw meat on that face. I got a chicken in the freezer upstairs. As I watched Pam's big, strong hand coming towards my face I saw my entire life flash before my eyes. And guess what? I have four kids. And I have a hover-car and a hover-house. And my wife is a runner and it shows. And Pam and Jim are my best friends and our kids play together. And I am happy and I am rich and I never die. It doesn't sound like much, but its enough for me. Good, good. Keep it on there for another five minutes. Just let the swelling go down. f*re Jim. I'm cashing in the favor. f*re him. Do it. Promote me. Tri-managers. Can I have an office? You know what you can keep your stupid favor. It's worthless. And this is my dinner on your face. I'm keeping it. The important thing to remember Jim... we always have what is called the element of surprise. [hits himself in the groin and moans] I did stand up comedy once. Yeah, I k*lled. Michael? What is the meaning of this email that everyone got? This one, from David Wallace to all Dunder Mifflin. Hello everyone I am sure you have seen the item in the Journal. I just want to stress that it's all conjecture. If there's any concrete news you will know ASAP. Your feelings journal? You told me to put it in the time capsule. Michael, he means the Wall Street Journal online. I found the article. [everyone walks over to his desk, he begins reading the article] "On a day marked by panicked corporate board meetings, one that is relatively not surprising is Dunder Mifflin's. It is rumored that they will recommend... " and the article cuts off. "It is rumored that they will recommend declaring bankruptcy." Not necessarily, bankruptcy could mean a lot of things. Maybe they're just restructuring to get out of debt. Or it could mean the end of Dunder Mifflin. I'm sorry, Michael, David's in a meeting. Um, I'll just have him call you back. [retching sounds coming from the men's bathroom, Kevin walks to the door and goes in] Michael, are you OK? Did you throw up in there? It smells like throw up in here. [Michael in his office playing music loudly, Jim walks in and turns the volume down, Michael trailing off on singing] We have to do something because people are losing it out there wondering what's going to happen. Listen, Wallace said these were just rumors, right? So we have no reason to think the company is anything but fine. So if we just go on with our work, you and me, they'll follow along. That's it. That rhymes, so what have we on the docket today? OK, great. [walks back in, on cell phone] What? Oh my God! [everyone starts asking questions] There has been a m*rder. There's been a m*rder in Savannah. [runs back to his office] [reading the game box cover] Belles, Bourbon and b*ll*ts, a m*rder mystery dinner party game. Hey, I am wondering if this is a, uh, terrible idea. I thought we agreed that we wouldn't do things like this. This is ridiculous. [gets up to leave, as does Angela] What kind of food? I'm in. [sits back down] Baby carrots. [Angela sits back down] Whoa, I'll try it. Michael, I don't like this game. It's scary. Voodoo Mama Juju, the witch doctor of the Savannah swamps. I'm not comfortable with this. [holds up a head] Well how do you think I feel? I mean I have to play Caleb Crawdad, handsome playboy. Every night, a different woman. Being oogled. Having to hug and kiss and spoon, I make them feel beautiful. It's my blackberry Michael, I am trying to get updates on the company. You don't have to keep saying "I do declare". Any time you say something it means you are declaring. And what Designing Woman are you basing that on? Wait a minute, wait a minute. I'm the butler. You were listening in on that? You rich people. You think you can do whatever you want to the servant class! I reckon I got something to say to Miss Beatrix Bourbon, if'n she don't mind. Oooooo, doggie, we got a party now! [Creed pulls into the parking lot and goes into the office] Sorry I'm late, boss. What's going on? OK. Hang on just a second. Let me just settle in and I'll be right back. Well, maybe nothing but it could mean a problem with liquidity- OK, I'm going back to work. Michael, I was doing so well. [Michael walks in] Oh, hey, Michael. Listen, I brought up those sales targets. Do you want to- No, you're not reopening the case. The case is closed. You're sure it was water, it couldn't have been acid? Stop playing games with me, Crawdad. Answer me. You are out of order. Jim, what if we both lose our jobs? I'm trying to think of a way that this all ends up fine, and I can't think of one. Michael, not now. I should just go. [accent] Where to now Caleb? Michael, can I... OK, I'm just going to skip right past the what and go with why. Michael, can I talk to you in your office? Today of all days... No, you shut up. They need this game, Jim. Let us have this stupid little game, alright? [Jim nods] Wallace is on the phone. He's returning your call. I don't think so. I think it's David Wallace from Dunder Mifflin. You're not gonna answer the phone? Well there is some bad news. [accent] There has been another m*rder. Oh, this could be a juicy one. I think today was a good day to have two managers. 'Cause if you're a family stuck on a lifeboat in the middle of the ocean, one parent might want to just keep rowing. But if the other parent wants to play a game, it's not because they're crazy. It's because they're doing it for the kids. And I get that now. I am calm. I have crossbows. OK, I'm ready. God bless you, Recyclops. And your cold robot heart. [Dwight throws an aluminum can towards the recycling bin and misses] That's great. Sure. And it looks like you're taking a dump. [still doing the voice & spinning in his chair] Hate the twirl! Yeah, good. Don't do it. The long term problem is bad investments that they need to dump. The short term problem is the company has no cash and there's no where to get it. Those are the b*llet points. Michael? The limo's here for you. [at window in conference room] Check it out, guys. There's a limo down here. [everyone heads to the conference room] Michael, look. Oh, man. They sent a limo. Town cars suck. Town car is something that a company sends when they're in trouble. A limousine is something that a company sends when they have cause for celebration. And in this case I think we are celebrating me. This is so typical of management to spend money on this. Ugh. Bunch of boobs. I'm so jealous right now. Car seats eight. The car seats eight. I'll use it when you're done. The Dunder Mifflin stock symbol is DMI. Do you know what that stands for? Dummies, morons and idiots. Because that's what you'd have to be to own it. And, as one of those idiots, I believe the board owes me answers. Hey, guys, do you think anyone might have had sex in here? Smells like it. Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Michael, what if somebody asks you a question at this meeting? Are you just gonna wave, or what? Michael Scott you run the most profitable branch of Dunder Mifflin. How do you do it? This is your big day. Come on. Mr. Scott? I'm Laurie. Thank you for joining us. Come with me. Ok. If you just want to follow me I'll take you up to the lounge. Good luck, Michael. See you later. After you, Mr. Scott. Michael. So glad you could make it. How was the ride? It's nice to meet you, Michael. Seated, we have the former congressman, Chris O'Keefe. How is he gonna have grandkids? No. Alright, guys. You ready? Dunder Mifflin is still a strong company. We are poised to come through this more streamlined and profitable than ever. [boos from the crowd] It was fun when we weren't on the brink of bankruptcy. You're a criminal. Limousine? You haven't said anything yet and we're headed for bankruptcy. [crowd agrees] How are you gonna fix the company? I am, too. Let me show you. What was that about? You were supposed to wave. What are we supposed to tell them now? Ok? You've dug us quite a hole. There is no plan. Excuse me? Who the hell is this guy? Yes. Yes. Who cares? No. No. No. No. No. No. Don't call anybody, Michael. Please do not text anybody, now, Michael. It's done. [Oscar, sitting in the lobby, receives a text] Ummm... Um.. I feel, as does Mr. Scott, that we are in the best of hands. Capable hands. I think this has gone very well and I thank you. Michael, I didn't ask to come up here. What? For me. You -[Oscar walks away, Michael goes back in the room] He's our best manager? Where's the off button on this moron? Uh, I'm not a moron. Time after time my branch leads in sales. I have personally won over 17 Dundie awards. So, I am not a moron and I am just trying to help, you know? So... you're the moron. [zipping through the hall while texting] He can take the bus. He's had his limo ride. You wanted to see me? Is it serious? [Michael stares] Wow. Andy's a wittle scared. Why would people say that? Andy have a boo-boo tummy. Would you rather me say "Hey guys, my irritable bowel syndrome is flaring up?" "Crazy diarrhea happening right now?" Cause things can get real adult real fast. Do I sometimes replace Rs with Ws? Yes. Do I sometimes repeat a word to get my point across? Well if I do, Andy's sowwy. Well if I we're complaining, a lot of people think your Elvis voice is annoying. I don't-just people. For the record, I think it's pretty fantastic. [baby voice] t*nk you Mr. Elwis. Frankie's Dirty Joke of the Day? There's a bunch of those. There's a bunch of Sent e-mails that jusy say "Delivered." Should I delete all of those? That's why you have a "Sent Mail" folder. There's about 30 news alerts for "Nip Slip." "Nip slip." Well... Hey. What's up? Did you m*rder someone? Oh, my God. I think she's okay. Great. Hey, how do you feel about starting an Employee of the Month program? You're not in it at all, because you can't be employee of the month, you're a manager. It would look bad. Sorry. Okay. [picks up and reads sheet] The Michael Scott Foundation is still in existence? Michael, why did you promise that? No Michael, why would you promise that? Michael, this is a terrible terrible thing you've done. It's terrible. Just terrible. And the longer you put it off, the worse it's going to get. I just, I fell in love with those kids. and I didn't want to see them fall victim to the system, so I made them a promise. I told them that if they graduated from high school, I would pay for their college education. I've made some empty promises in my life, but hands down, that was the most generous. No! You have to tell them. It's fine. Erin, you're going to go. And you're going to make sure Michael tells the truth. Mr. Scott? I'm good. It's in the music room, Mr. Scott. Wow! Everyone's so excited that you're here today. Now, I know you probably want to see everyone, but I was wondering if I could ask you some questions first? I'm sure you remember this place. Do you want to go in? No, not at all. Nope, come on. We just want to say thanks. Hey, Mr. Scott! What you gonna do? What you gonna do, make our dreams come true! There were a lot of times over the years where I was pressured to get into the drug game. But I always thought back to my guardian angel, and the gift that you gave me. So I just want to thank you for giving me the opportunity to go to college, educate myself, and become the next President Obama. Let's put your hands together and give a warm welcome for the man of the hour, Mr. Michael Scott. I'm Zion, I'm Mikela's younger brother. Well Zion, I am not going to be paying for your college tuition. Which brings me to my main point and that is that I will not be able to pay for anybody's tuition. I'm so, so sorry. You lied to us. You owe this to us! [yelling] Hey, Mr. Scott. That was messed up what you did. Who does something like that? Who promises that to a bunch of kids and then just doesn't come through like that? You can pay for my college. They're expensive. It's about $1,000. No, $1,000 each year. Okay. Okay. Make it out to my mom, Rosa. Hey Mr. Scott, What you gonna do, What you gonna do make our dreams come true. Hey Mr. Scott, What you gonna do--- No. No, there's financial aid, uh, they could join the army or the navy. The principal told me that 90% of Scott's Tots are on track to graduate, and that's 35% higher than the rest of the school. So I think if you hadn't made that promise, a lot of them would've dropped out. Which is something to think about, I think. Really? I've always wondered what it might be like to be an accountant. Yes, but I'm terrible at math so... Seriously? Oscar and the warehouse guy! Go Oscar! Go gay warehouse guy! Michael, we already have a Santa, Phyllis. What the hell is going on? Yeah. Yeah I told her a long time ago she could do it. No, I'm not gonna do that. I think she's doing a good job. I'm not gonna go tell Phyllis that she can't be Santa. Fine! Then do it anonymously. Ransom note style. You can- I -you know what, I have a bunch of letters cut out of magazines in my desk. You can use those. If this were Russia, yeah sure. Everyone would go to one Santa, and there would be a line around the block and once you sat on her lap and she'd ask you what you wanted, you would say probably "freedom." At which point the KGB would arrest you and send you to Siberia. It's a good thing Russia doesn't exist anymore. [mutters] Okay... Michael it's me, Kevin. Phyllis says I'm too big for her lap. When can I sit on your lap? That's really comfortable. [Michael gasps] I don't know. I didn't know you were gonna ask me that. I didn't know. Nobody's ever let me sit on their lap before. Can you give me some choices? Cause I really don't want to mess up on this list. What about if I tell you the things I don't want? I didn't even get to tell you what I wanted! I'll just leave it here with you. [drops checks, leaves. Daryl smirks] Whoa, whoa. I'm doing something over here. What are you talking about? Hey hey hey. Everything okay? Can I just talk to you for a second? You can't yell out "I need this, I need this" as you pin down an employee on your lap! Yup. Michael, it's Phyllis. We want Phyllis as Santa. Great! Who wants Phyllis as Santa? [most everyone raises their hand] And if you want Michael as Santa, raise your hand. [Michael, then Dwight raises hand] Can I get you some punch? In the North Pole I spend many nights alone tinkering with toys. So today, let's put a twinkle in Ole Kris Kringle's eye! Let the party begin! [Dwight plugs in tree lights, office applauds.] I don't ask for much for Christmas, I really don't. It's not like I'm begging people to buy me diamonds and ...broach pendants. "Oh buy me something expensive or I'm gonna k*ll myself." That's not - I don't care about that. All I want to be is Santa. And, you want to take that away from me? Fine. Go ahead. But when you need my help because I am ruining everything, don't look at me. Wow Michael, like this must be obvious how wrong this is. You can't, [Michael touches his forehead and makes sizzling noise] Ow. Look, you cannot push religion. No! We don't have a North Pole branch. Idiot. [grabs package] Yes! [Dwight opens package to reveal another machine part] I have. He got scented candles! And this brings us to you, little one. It's fabric! I really wanted this. Andy, is this you? It's a secret. Nnnnya. Yes Michael, what is so urgent? I'm not going to guess. You can tell me or I am going to hang up. Michael... Michael- This is a very very bad time. Sure David. [disconnect] Do you want me off the call too Michael? Listen, I shouldn't tell you this, but the company has a buyer. The board will have no choice to approve. They are going to clean house. I'll be fired. Alan will be out too. All of us. Goodbye Michael. Oh my God. Earlier today this office needed a Santa. And then it needed a second Santa. And then it needed a Jesus. And now, it needs a Michael. And that's one suit Phyllis cannot fit into. Not great. You heckled Santa for an hour and a half. Are you serious? This is so offensive. What's your pin number? I don't want to say. But, "it's fun to stay at the -" [nods to fill in blank, but Dwight doesn't know] Where? Holiday Inn? I don't ... I suppose a gentlemen might... throw in the towel, at this point. Guess what? Not gonna happen. How could we do what? [general murmur] We deserve to know. If you know something Michael... Wait wait wait, who said that? When? When did he tell you? Today? Awww! Aaaarrhh! [kicks over Christmas tree] Michael, wait. So they said we are sold? Okay. We haven't gone under. We've been sold and that can mean many different things. No, I get it. No, you won't, because he's not picking up his phone. Yes, I will. Because I always know how to get through to him. Hey Sweetie, what is it? What the hell? Michael, I have never- Ever, ever... Hello everyone. You weren't supposed to tell anyone Michael. Look. They're buying the company for the distribution. You guys are the only thing about this company that works. So congratulations. No! No, and congratulations. Yeah! [singing] Christmas tree, oh Christmas tree, thy leaves are so unchanging... I have no idea. Oh man! [Dwight dropped a walnut into the nutcracker] I can use this for so many nuts! Macadamias, Brazil nuts, pecans, almonds. Clams, snails... Hi Michael. [Michael sits on her lap] Mm. 'kay. What? No Bob, we worked it out. I'm sorry, I'm really sorry. It was earlier today. I'm good baby. [they kiss, both dressed as Santa] Oh God. Get a room Santas! Hello. Yes. Calculating. Calculating. Pacific! Great news, Michael. We're now the official paper supplier of the NFL. It might seem crazy, but since there's no one left in New York, Michael is Dunder Mifflin's highest ranking employee. So, that's where we are. Uh, I just need to check out your warehouse and then talk to your HR guy. That is pretty much the only reason I'm here. Right. Yeah. Mul Yam in Tel Aviv is better. Are you calling me wrong? It's called 'due diligence'. Basically, I confirm inventory, take a head count, see if there are any HR liabilities. I'm a glorified fact checker. Actually, I am a fact checker. Michael, do you think I could get a space heater - Oh, we will. Have a seat. [Michael gives a pleased look then exits] I don't know how I'm going to get through this. I don't want to lie and I DON'T want to tell the truth. Well, Eric's just going over some stuff. It's, uh, it's HR stuff. It's uh, it's a company evaluation form. Talkin' bout, uh - Waste is next. No, waste of time and resources. Look, you know, in any company there's going to be certain degrees - [on the phone] Hey, uh, yeah, I finally got a chance to sit down with HR. So... well, I think I'm gonna be here for awhile. Michael, this is really inappropriate to talk about. Yeah. I feel very sorry for that banker because he has to evaluate what we are worth. He has to decide what we are capable of and how do you do that? What is Jim capable of... or Pam... or Kevin? [clip montage over Daryl's Dunder Mifflin jingle] Computron experiencing emotion. Ok. [after a pause] Please don't. Computron - wants to live. Shut up. Shut up. Yo, Mike, our town is dope and pretty. in the Electric City! What? What? Healthcare Provider! Spot. Spot. Spot. Spot. Spot. Don't lose your head. for the tasty bread. What? What? What? What? [pause] What? I think you don't know what you're saying. It's from "Sob-ray", our new owner, and it is to Sabre, us. I wonder what's inside. Scissor me. [Erin tosses Michael open scissors, Pam is appalled] Dunder Mifflin was recently bought by an electronics company named Sabre. [mispronounced "sob-ray"] They stepped in at the 11th hour, and they saved our asses. Although David Wallace said that we were the one branch that was actually working right, so we probably could have saved our own asses. We didn't need them touching our asses. Here we go. [scans stuffed animal] Oh! Wow. Guys, um, who's Gabe? This note says to put the box aside for Gabe Lewis, who's coming tomorrow? Impulsivity and inattention to detail. Terrible mistake. Have you tried making everything smaller? Oh, Michael. No, don't! [fumbles] Thank you. Oh! Got it. Ok. What do you want us to do? Because we're usually not on the same page. Oh. Okay. And to you. [begins applauding] Welcome. Scranton hot dog from Scranton? Um, hi, uh, my name is Gabe Lewis. I am coordinating director for merging regions. Co-manager, actually. We are very impressed with this branch and we are so excited about this merger. So excited. Um, actually, if you don't mind, I would love to put this on the Sabre website. [correctly pronounced "say-ber"] Oh. Of course. [singing] Hopped off the train in Scranton, PA, another cloudy gray afternoon. Jumped in the cab, here you are for the first time, look to the right see the "Electric City" sign. This is gonna be good day, for Dunder Mifflin and Sob-ray. Sab - [guitar stops] [Christian Slater impression] So you've been shown a nonsensical video. You're probably wondering, "What's going on?" Well, you're not alone. Most of our business comes from selling printers. So don't think of yourselves as paper salesmen anymore, but as printer salesmen who also sell paper. Perfect. Actually, that's Nick. He's your new IT guy. Uh, he's setting up a site blocker. Mostly blocking the inappropriate sites. And then there are the time-wasting sites like Twitter, YouTube. We are blocking those as well. Ok, did everyone get one? With these bottles, we eliminate the need for plastic water bottles, which are the scourge of the environment. Little cups? Like paper or plastic or... ? Ok, well, I bet you can fit 20 little cups of water in your aluminum bottle. That's ok. There is a small part of me that is actually very excited about this new company. But 70 percent of me is water, and the other part, the real part, the part that has feelings and emotions and thoughts and makes decisions and, if I can be crass, makes babies, that part thinks that all of these changes suck ba - Oop. Looks like we kicked it. [indicates water jug is empty] I miss the old Dunder Mifflin. Too much change is not a good thing. Ask the climate. Oh, I don't get that sense at all from you, so... Which ones? Well, I wish that I could do something, but it's kind of policy, you know? Above my pay grade. You know? Turn me around. Now. [Michael starts to leave, Jo whistles] Hey, Buddy. Is it something I said? Oh, hello, Mr. Scott. Pleased to meet you. Aw, thank you. I've been working on it since I was a little girl. To, um, to what do I owe the pleasure of this videochat? Pardon. Pardon me, Mr. Scott, but the last time I saw a company as mismanaged as Dunder Mifflin, it was my grandson's snowball company, so you'll excuse me if I prefer that you all adapt to the way that we do things. So listen, why don't you tell Gabe if by the end of the day you can't handle the changes. All right. Michael. No, you kidding? Come on in. Come on. You look great. You hungry? I'm just having lunch. Huh? Hey. [continues drumming] Keep it up, son. Really loud. Yeah. Things not going so well there? I have a doctor's appointment next Thursday. No. Just hanging out, honey. You remember Michael. No problem at all. This is great. So what are you guys up to? It was story time. I don't know. I mean, what can you do? I, I - It's a tough one. I don't have any ideas for you there. Hey, oh, okay. Wait. I want to tell you about a business idea I have. Ok? You know how kids leave their toys everywhere? Okay. So this is a vacuum. It's like a shop-vac type of thing. [imitates vacuum] Teaches kids how to pick up their own toys. Right? Baseball gloves, hacky sacks, drumsticks. [sucking noise] Picks it up! No. No, no, no. That's the -that's the vacuum noise. You-you don't like it. No, it's ok. Another guy from Dunder Mifflin, Arnie from Research, he's gonna draw up the prototype. And, uh... It's like shop-vac. [sucking noise] Did I say that? Hey, you know, if you want, I'm sure I can get Arnie on board if you wanted to join us for suck it. Work together again. Suck it. That's what it's called. Huh? Catchy. Kids'll love it. Like it. There are very few things that would make me not want to team up with David Wallace. And Suck It is one of 'em. Oh, Michael. Thank you for coming. Thanks for having me. Well, that's not the David Wallace that I remember. [reverses out of driveway, Wallace follows him] That is some sort of weird creature that lives in David Wallace's house. Oh, my god. Alright. Just get me out of here. Hello. [comes in carrying 4 gallons of orange juice and his water bottle] Is anybody home? Oh, thank you, Erin. Now if everyone would please ready their canteens, so I can fill them with the sweet, sweet nectar of Gabe's homeland, and then propose a toast. Here we go. You know when people say getting fired was the best thing that ever happened to them? I feel sorry for those people. That's the best thing? Really? Ugh. Yes. Yes, you are. You make a lot. That's your toast? Michael, this isn't a toast. You're just thinking out loud. Just 'cause you have liquid that doesn't make it a toast. To us and to Sabre. [on phone] Vancouver Court Hotel, how many I help you? Well, we are looking forward to having you, so, let me just pull up your information here... Um, I don't seem to have it, sir. [looking through Michael's email] I'm not seeing anything under "confirmation." Could it be under "affirmation?" Cause you have thousands of those. Youdidget the e-vite to my barbeque! Uh, sir? A lot of people are trying to get last-minute reservations at hotels here for the Olympics, but we've been fully booked for months. ...Oh, here it is. Yep. Uh-huh. Seven nights in our street-view economy single? Yeah, how may I help you Mr. Scott? There is a cancellation fee for this, sir. Okay, put it on my card. Today, Jo Bennett, the CEO from Sabre, is coming to see us here for the first time. She bought us sight unseen, like a mail-order bride, so she's gotta be kinda nervous. I mean, are we ugly? Are we smart? Are we cool? Are we too cool? Do we speak English? This is Michael Scott, co-regional manager of this branch. Yeah, I have this thing about men cutting or threatening to cut my throat. Don't try to cut my throat. Whoa, whoa. No. Michael? I think one of you should return to sales, and the other one be manager. I... Why would you just say something like that? Do you even know what that means? That's right, darlin', now you're the proud new owner of a Sabre handbook and my autobiography. Now, you all must be in a tizzy. I can see it on your faces, I mean, what's going on now? I mean, who owns Dunder Mifflin? Right? I mean, Sabre? What's that? Some company I've never heard of? Down in Tallahassee? Where is that? Near Mars? Now Dunder Mifflin has an arm's reach in all these small businesses all over the northeast. Now we're gonna take that arm, and we're gonna start selling printers. They're the easiest-to-use printers on the market. I will try to manage my excitement! Hey, you got a second? Actually, yeah. Exactly that. I think that you absolutely deserve the manager position more than I do. Yeah! Wow! Michael. Reading. The Atlantic. I should step into sales myself. Sabre has no caps on commissions. He can make a lot more money in sales. Manual. Manuel who? Well, according to the manual, there is no cap on commissions. I have been hustled. Oh, speak of the devil. We were just talking about you. Have a seat! Now Jim here is thinking about taking himself out of the running for being manager. Really. No, I really, really think Michael is better at being manager for so many reasons. Why would you do that? You know, Michael, you have more experience in sales and management, so I'm gonna defer to your judgment. I think you [to Michael] will become the salesman, and congratulations! [to Jim] You're gonna be the new manager of this branch! Michael, I'm worried that, uh, not all your toys are gonna fit on your new desk. Well, in your old office there were all those ledges and extra space. You know, I actually think I should get back to work. Jim asked me to do some stuff, and he's manager. Well. You know, we really don't announce out loud our sales that much. It's not really 1992 anymore. Threatening you? No. [tries to crush an aluminum can, Dwight crushes an apple] Michael, stop. Michael... Michael, it's Phyllis. I sent an email out to everyone in this area that this might be a side effect to my new allergy medication I'm on. No. [has two tissues in his nostrils] It's not cause of the smell. I'm just expecting a nosebleed. Believe me, if I got that card? We'd be in the bathroom doin' it right... now. Hey. Well, the grass is always greener. Well, it's what you wanted. For the record, I fought this. Alright? And now, I'm not really sure what we do. Hey, what was that movie where their boss was within earshot and they could've just gone and talked to her. You two are grown-ass men. What do I have to do, f*re you and get two people in here who don't need so much management? Michael's saying he's better at being manager, and I agree, cause he's a better people person, weirdly. Alright. Yeah, I guess Andy never liked Kelly. How about that? Sure does! Okay, we have your space heater, your humidifier, your dehumidifier, your fan, your foot fan, and your food dehydrator. Ooh. Michael. Michael, you shouldn't have done that. You know the baby's not going to live here, right? Hmm, that logic's air-tight, but unfortunately it wasn't conceived here. Burning man, port-o-potty. Well, you don't want to wait too long, Pam. Otherwise the baby's going to become a teenager in there and you'll be up all night, from the rock music. You know, it's getting real crowded in here. Maybe you guys should all go back to work because the day's not out yet. Actually, the distractions are good. I mean, I don't think I'm going to make it until midnight if I'm just sitting here thinking about it. Distractions are good! That means conference room, five minutes! No, no, five seconds! Right now, right now! Conference room! Topic, potpourri! Let's go! Um, I am sort of a master of distraction. When I was a kid, my mom received compliments left and right from my teachers on how I was always able to distract others in class. Try to think, what were the first thirteen colonies? Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. [Michael covers his mouth and makes fart noises.] Can we do sleight of hand tricks? Oh, okay, uh, sorry, guys. Just, um, keep talking. Oh, thanks, Kelly. Yes, this is the only time I'm ever going to make this request. I can put on lipstick the way Molly Ringwald does in The Breakfast Club. I can do the evolution of dance-dance. Agreed. Jim, please. Happy thoughts here. Happy times. Alright. Um, stimulate the nipples. I have a shirt like that in my car. Okay, uh, the second one is walk around. We're already doing the opposite of that. Perfect. Okay, number three, eat spicy foods. Oh, and by the way, hate that you're helping her with this right now. Totally. A little frazzled. [enters the office and has another contraction] Oh, whoa. Ha. Wow. 35. No, not yet, Michael. Oh, wow, it's almost time for ultra feast! Where's Kevin? That's fancy feast. Ultra feast is something they made up so they can pig out together in the name of ceremony. Mm-hmm. Yes, I'm fine. Um, yeah, the doctor said it's still considered a minor contraction as long as I can talk through it. Alright. Time to go. Okay. Come on, Michael says we should go now. Hey, are you kidding me? If anyone can do this, you can do this. Pam, I'm scared. I'm real scared. The best news is, we're going to have a baby today. A really awesome baby. So let's have it at the hospital. How are we doing on contractions? Michael, I told you. Jim, we waited too long! We waited too long! Two minutes doesn't do us any good. Well, what happened to four and three minutes? I don't want to have my baby here. The hospital. A baby. Yes! We're going to the hospital and we're going to have a baby. Alright, we're driving ourselves, actually. Alright, I have my wallet. Go bag's in the car... Keys, my keys, where's my keys? There's nothing in it. Dwight, get away! Okay, I can't find my keys! I cannot find my keys! Found 'em. They're here.Dwight, Jim and Good luck, Pam! 00! Hold it! Oh, one more! No, no, no, no! Out, out! Idiot. Doesn't matter. I'll escort you! Let's go! [as he peels out of the parking lot and stops] Michael! This is where I saw that deer last week. Right over by that fence. Okay, Michael! Focus! Alright, here we go! You're doing great! She'll be here soon. Michael! Michael, come on! Pam, no! Are you nuts? We're going to the hospital now. Dwight Schrute. Why didn't you ask me to do it yesterday? I kept IM'ing you how bored I was. Dwight just listen! It's underneath... [Dwight hangs up as the policeman hands him a ticket] Yes. Michael, just go park the car. Sir! You can't park here! Okay. Okay. [looking horrified as he walks from the room back into the lobby] Okay, not yet, not yet. I'm going to go wash my eyes. This is ridiculous. We just can't wait here. But you don't know that. I mean, we could be here another half an hour. I have an ice cream cake in the car. Oh, my God. Go, go, go! Are you insane? Alright. This is happening! Oh, my God. Sir! Sir, you can't smoke that in here. Put it, put it out. Okay. Her name is Cecelia Marie Halpert. Yeah! I am a diapering master. I have done little else in the past two months. There is nothing I cannot diaper. Go ahead. Try to think of something. I dare you. Hello, Michael. Love you. Love you, mom. Okay, you just have to use the hand sanitizer first. Again, no pants. Ready? Yesterday, I was dispatched to Jim and Pam's house to find Pam's iPod. I searched everywhere, but I didn't find it. What I did find, was mold, and lots of it. So, I did what anyone would do. Read a book, had a bath, I got a good night's sleep, and I made plans to eradicate it. I also made plans to ask Jim where he bought his marvelous sheets... Time to get to work [he begins to destroy the kitchen with a sledgehammer]. This man has a gift! I'm not single. I have a man. [she grasps Ryan's arm as Ryan has his hand raised to say he's single] Why do you find someone for yourself instead of meddling in our affairs? Ha ha, plus size models, maybe. Like Clooney. Yes, I'm going to ask out Erin. I'm just waiting for the stars to align. Literally. I have a small skylight in my bedroom, and I'd like for the moon to be visible. [in Michael's office] You wanted to see me? [as he appears from behind the door] Ta-da! Oh, say nothing. You will learn to love me. Okay. Michael, could I talk to you privately? Bye. I'm so sorry if I gave you the impression I'm into Kevin, but I'm not. I like Andy. I'm sure he'll be fine. Really? I don't want anyone to die. Mm-hmm. Yeah. You said she liked me. I've dumped better than Erin. Lynn was way hotter than Erin, Michael. Yeah, Michael, but you dated Holly and Jan, and they were so much hotter than you. [he hits his head on the desk after ducking out of the way from hiding behind a plant] Ow. I used a variation of your move. Nope. Nuh -uh. Not today! Oh good morning sweetheart. I'm sorry but is that a gift I see in your hands? [pulls out glass cube with coal.] Is that a lump of coal? Have I been that naughty? Err, thank you very much. We, we don't get to see much coal in Tallahassee, I'm used to alligators, and some of the worst Chinese food you've ever tasted. Well, if you ever get down in my neck of the woods, you got a place to stay. Now, after all the talking I've been doing. It's your turn. This is a town hall meeting. I want to hear what you all sound like. I have a question. I am so proud of Sabre's "Print In All Colors" initiative. Any Sabre employee of color, is welcome to apply. [Kelly applauds] Daryl? Okay hush now. Oh look at you. Okay. Any questions? Anything on anybody's mind? I'm leaving tonight, this is your last chance for a while! Yes, well okay. Florida ain't that far away. Well, anytime now. Oh honey you didn't buy a ticket? Oh honey. I'm not home, very often. And uh, me and my relatives, they take up the guesthouse. I think you should check with my office, before you book any dates, okay? Enough! All right, everybody, just try to put a brave face on. [singing] Moving on up, to the East Side, to the deluxe apartment in the sky... No, that's very generous of you, but I'm all set. Yes it is. How many knocks does it take to get you to do some work? You'll probably feel better once you get some pants on. Come on. Not bad, huh? I impressed her with my good ideas. I made a suggestion at the meeting that was good. You were there. Now Mike, I have to ask you to leave, so that I can learn about this tiny television. Hey there. Well there's chatting time and there's working time. I'm still on working time. Well, if you feel like you've done a solid days work... Well I mean, if you can put your name on this day, and be proud of the amount of work you've done, then, by all means, you should toodle on home. Anything else I can help you with? Just because Jo has no life, does not mean that the rest of us don't have lives. Oscar has a life. I think Ryan has a life. This is outrageous. Hey what's up, Butt-plug? Dude, I've been here since three! I've boot and rallied twice. Fat and ugly. You might actually have a chance. Oh here's what you do. Hike up your skirt and pull out your tampon, borrow some b*lls and come meet me! Overnight all my damn bags home. I'm carrying nothing but my Sable gloves. I've had it with Homeland Security. And I want you to put all those tracking numbers in my Blackberry. You never know with Jo. Sometimes we're here til midnight. Sometimes she doesn't show up for three days. Yeah, that would be awesome. I could get a girlfriend. Wouldn't have to go to Amsterdam seven times a year. But uh, I'm young, right? I will date when I'm dead! [Laughs] Do I really want to turn out like Gabe? Twenty-six. Single. Tied to my desk. No life, no family. I want to have been married by the time I would've turned thirty. That's just - that's just depressing. Anything I can do for you Puddin'? Hmm. All right then. Michael? Ah. Oh great, now I'm gonna get sick. [They both laugh] [cheering Michael] No! No, no no! Put your credit cards away. Drinks are on us! Oh -hoh! All right. Whoops! [Humps Michael] No. Is he you? Where did you take that? Oh my God, that's right. I read in People magazine that he was looking for a two-bedroom condo in Scranton. Sure. That they should do one. Who's that? John Dillinger. Captain Crunch. At the Yankees game. Yeah. I had a little better reason to believe that... You're right. You're right. Well, you're not right, because Johnny Depp... ...in your condo complex. M. Night Shulman? Yeah, what about those leads? Did you hear anything from corporate? But is there anything relevant to the sales staff here? Well then no Andy Bernard per se. [Andy and others begin exiting the room] Sorry, Michael, I got calls to make. You couldn't handle my undivided attention. Listen, Michael - about what happened earlier. When I was asking about the leads. ... is there any news on the leads? Honey, if I don't have time to answer an e-mail, I definitely don't have time to walk over to your desk. Oh, sorry, wait one second. This is actually a big potential sale, so... You writing your name over there? That's good. You know, with the kid. Alright, here we go. [taps page] Michael... Give me that [wrestles with Darryl, Andy falls over chair and to the floor] Michael. I know who did that. Didn't have to see. It was sales. I can feel it. They are out of control. Yes. All of 'em. Together. It's a conspiracy. Listen to me, Mike, you gotta do something about them. You need to get back on top. Yeah. Something came for you, Michael. [hands him a parcel] What'd you get? Finally, Michael. Hand 'em over, numbnuts. [Michael stares at her incredulously] But seriously. It's your job to give us those leads. [on phone] Michael, we spent a lot of money on those leads. You have to give them out. Michael, I don't want to incentivise m*rder. But - we've tried to make it clear that our policy emphasises sales staff - - of supporting the sales staff. You are required to hand out those leads, Michael. Okay, good. Good. Why do you keep repeating - [Michael hangs up] What are you - They aren't salespeople! What the hell do you think you're doing? Hey. So I'm going to go ahead and save you some time, and tell you that no-one's going to go along with this. But you knew that, right? Alright. So why don't you just give me my share of the leads, and I'll start making some calls? Hey, alright. Ahh, these aren't leads. What are they? I don't think you understand - [holds up card] This one's a map. I love you. Michael? Michael, you were supposed to tell me when the leads came in. [dives into dumpster, rattling noises then he emerges] It's empty! Um, tonight is Ghost Whisperer. So, Friday. Oh my god. Oh my god [takes off running] oh my god, no, no no, hey, hey [chases after garbage van] wait, wait! Michael, why would we all go to the dump? Not your staff, Michael. You. Does it have to be pizza? Could go for a, falafel? I'm not going. You did this, not us. That sounds fun, mucking around in the dump. Wish I could go. I can't. You know that. [looks around dump] This place has gone to hell. Yeah, well, the acorn becomes the oak. I don't think we need opposed. Oh, why, because I have a sh*t at a $100k commission? Hey. There is nothing I can do about my wide-set eyes. When I first met you, I had a lot of job offers. And I had an offer from Ivan Schartsky. The Ivan Schartsky. And if I'd assistant managed him - Oh, that's low! I would be number two right now at Home Depot! Okay? Because they promote from within. Instead I had to follow you - you, going nowhere. I hitched my wagon to a horse with no legs. Kung-fu movies! Nice babies you're making with the floozies at the bars. Your made-up wife? Who doesn't exist? [Michael picks up a piece of metal and hurls it at Dwight, who sidesteps] You watch it! Don't do it [lobs something at Michael] No! [lunges for a large wooden spool] Erin just texted me back. 'People love shells from far-away beaches". Oh [half-heartedly throws something] [beams] This is - nice! [pats Oscar's shoulder] All of us back together. Hey [holds up an old sweater] You know who'd like this? Phyllis. Purple, much? Yeah [puts it back in the bath tub] Hope - grows. Good news that you found our leads? [Michael grunts and strains while doing push-ups] Breathe. Work your core. Come on. Not counting the last one, 25. Ok, 25 and one girl push-up! Okay. I made a sale. What do we get if we do 'em? And one girl push-up. Ow! 19. [grunts] I had a really hard work out this morning. Ten... Eleven, wow! [chanting] Stan-ley! Stan-ley! Stan-ley... Essentially, what we have here is one of those stories where a mother lifts a car to save her baby. Hey, boss man. A bunch of us are going to get some drinks, you in? I'm sorry, I meant later. For happy hour? Trying to get a head count. All right, yes! It's a deal. When a new mom hears a baby cry, her you-know-what's fill up with you-know-what, and then her shirt gets, you know... that would be funny. Easy. Oh, hey, Pam and I are gonna go play pool with one of her friends, and we need a fourth. Would you like to be our fourth? Hey, Michael. This is my friend Julie. Good. Hi. So you work with Pam and Jim? [giggles] I should hope not. Usually means there's a battle scene coming. I am an ESL teacher. Yeah. Are you thinking that I said 'ESP?' So what do you think? About Julie? Yeah. So you like her? So Pam was right? About you two hitting it off. Why are you wearing a hat now? Guys, come on, I'm on a date. Let me do my thang. Angela versus Isabel. Height, advantage Isabel. Birthing hips, advantage Isabel. Remaining child-bearing years, advantage Isabel. Legal obligation, advantage Angela. What are you doing? Michael, you don't have to do this. [choking] Wow. Oh, wow, that was close. Hello. Hi. You wanna pay 400 bucks to re-felt this table? Hey, Michael, why don't you just get down. Ted, are we having fun? We got a problem? All right, go. Get out. Now. Ok, um, why don't we just finish the game? Michael, it's your sh*t. You guys are stripes, I think... It stopped. Do you guys want some food? The wings are really good here. Then I am sorry that I didn't kick you out. Well, uh, I'm the manager here, sir. Is that how you do it? Really? How much have you written? Oh. Huh. Have you read Lee Iacocca's? It's a classic. Dude, tonight! You're not going to want to put it down. It's gonna make you want to go out and buy a Chrysler tomorrow. Shut up. What's your drink? Well, what movie? Black Snake Moan? You have a card? Stanley Hudson? Whoa, a lot of Stanley Hudson's in here. Michael Scott? You just won yourself a lunch. Yeah. Yeah! Not at all. [arrives at Michael's office and sits] I was just wondering what you had planned for Secretary's Day. I know that Erin would be so psyched if you took her out to lunch. Yeah. She really looks up to you. And there's only so much we can do as her coworkers. Secretary's Day is really kind of a boss-secretary thing. [Michael glances over at Erin in reception, Erin waves her teddy bear's arm at Michael]. [slams his hand on Michael's desk] That's my girlfriend you're talking about. [taping desk] She's gonna be so psyched. Well, happy Boss's day. There wouldn't be a secretary if there was no boss. I got a picture of you asking me to lunch. I was thinking we could go to Hayworth's. Just the two of us. Yeah, okay. Yeah that was a stupid suggestion. I was thinking someplace special, so I though Hayworth's, but... Oh. [cheerfully] Okay. And that's straight from corporate. So not to be scary, but yeah, I would listen to me. And that's all. Ciao. I was thinking it would be fun to talk on the way over. So what decade would you have chosen to be a teenager? I would have chosen the 1490's. 'Cause America was discovered. [at lunch] And then my last job was at a Taco Bell express. But then it became a full Taco Bell, and I don't know, I couldn't keep up. My favorite part about being a receptionist is that I get to have my own desk. In my Foster home I never had a desk. [Michael keeps moving around, very clearly bored and annoyed]. So it's like... I don't mean that I didn't like my foster home. I did like it. I just didn't have a desk there. Did you have a favorite age? Or month? Yeah, like a favorite month. Like I like April when I was seven. How many pillows do you sleep on at night? He's the best boyfriend in the world. Tell me about him before I met him. Yeah I love that. What? Sorry. About Angela? Did you say he dated Angela? Here we go. Hot plate. Why wouldn't he tell me that? They had sex? Yes? Of course. I'll get you a bowl of pickles. Uhhhh, they were engaged? [face looks disgusted, moves around uncomfortably] Uh-oh... [moans, pulls hair over her face] In the Foster home, my hair was my room. [exhales, prolonged exclaiming] [breathes heavily, groans] [turns to other restaurant patrons] I'll have what she's having! Hey. Can I have your attention please? First of all, thanks to everyone for helping put this awesome party together. And a very special shout-out to the chair of the Party Planning Committee, miss Angela Martin. You have outdone yourself. I am saying the exact opposite. Angela is fantastic. Specific shout-out.. [throws a piece of cake at Andy's face] I know about Angela! I know that you were engaged to her and that you were sleeping with her! Michael told me. Why would that be something to talk about on Secretary's Day? I was going to tell her, just on my own time. [sitting on bench outside groaning] Oh. Sorry I thought everyone was gone. I can't trust Andy anymore. It's Andy's fault. Oh, I like his butt. You tricked me! But the Count is purple and Oscar wears purple.  Buenos dias, Miguel. [phone rings] Hello, Dunder-Mifflin. No, no, no, no. Solamente en espanol, por favor. I believe that every man, woman, and child in this country should learn how to speak Spanish. They are our neighbors to the South, and this would be a healing thing for... for all of North America. And... I am going on vacation next week to Cancun. Buenos dias, Miguel. Como estas? Bien? Claro que si! Yo estoy fantastico. Que pasa? I don't understand why Michael is wasting his time with Spanish. I have it on very good authority that within 20 years, everyone will be speaking German. Or a Chinese-German hybrid. Your office is full of genitalia. "That's what he says?" Angela. [Michael sticks post-it on Angela's forehead with female genitalia] Michael. Yeah, or maybe we don't even need that. You know what? I should be getting this client, Michael. My numbers are better than either of theirs. How are you? [laughing] Oh, stop that. Hi. How are you? There's this woman I met a few weeks ago. Her name is Donna, the manager of Sid & Dexter's and, right now, we're in the midst of a passionate love affair. Um, no. But she is coming by today. Maybe to buy some printers, so... [explaining PowerPoint to Donna] So, yes, laser printers are more expensive. But they cost less to operate [knocking] So it's a tradeoff. Hold on one second. What? None of this is time sensitive. Oh, yeah, thank you. That's not... she's... okay. Yes. Mm-hmm. Yeah. It's subtle. That's how it works. I show her an image that turns her on. And then she looks at me, then back at me, then back at the image. Soon, she doesn't know what is me, what is the image. She just knows that she's turned on. Who took the photo? Oh. [Michael quickly advances PowerPoint show to last slide which is "SEX" in bold white letters on a black background and then exits the show quickly] [giggles] Not bad. Thank you. [Michael tries t kiss Donna, Donna clears throat] Hmm. Oh my God. [realizing Jim and Pam are looking through the conference room windows] Jim! Could you come in here for a sec? What was that printer we were looking at? Well, maybe you shouldn't try to kiss people at work. Was it professional? No. But I work in the nightlife industry. I get h*t on all the time. In my 20's it would have been annoying. In my late 20's, I find it really flattering. Yeah. [chuckles] What's that? I don't... I don't think so. I don't see how we could possibly sell these for that little without losing money. Delivery alone will cost... Actually, ran the numbers on this, and in this case, it makes more financial sense to gain money. What if she's just flirting with you to get a better price? Kelly will be even worse than Darryl. If you'd have told me this morning that today I'd be creating a monster capable f my own destruction, I 'd have thought you were referring to the bull Mose and I are trying to reanimate. Mm-hmm. Yes. Oh, I haven't tried those. No. You want one? It's like cool... "certified cool." I like how they say "certified." Like there's some consortium of... [Michael grabs the mint from Donna's hand with his mouth, Donna pulls her hand away] Michael! Well, why don't you shut up! Michael, he's right. You are turning into a stalker. I think it's over, man. Ehh. Nobody's for. I'm not saying she's in love with him. But she could have left a while ago. Most printer sales are done over the phone, Ms. Boob shirt. Wait. Michael. Michael. Michael. No. I do find that offensive, actually. Oh, great. Great, I will look out for that stuff, then. And, um... you know I just wanted to say it was really... really nice to do business with you. Thank you. Did I... get everything? Yeah, I think so. No, it's just in the lot, so... You're welcome. [they hug] You're... welcome. Bye. I don't have, uh, any other questions. [blind clanking as she leans against door to prevent from Michael kissing her] I'm just gonna... make my way down to... Bye-bye! Okay. Hey, Michael. [Michael is sitting on couch outside his office] How you doing? You know what, Michael? For what it's worth... I was wrong, too. I thought she was interested in you. Mm-hmm. Yeah, and the shoulder cutouts. Michael, I think Donna left this here. Should I put it in the lost and found for 14 days and then I can take it home? Yeah. No. Michael... She doesn't want you to return the barrette. She's not interested in you. I'm sorry. Michael! [sighs] [still in parking lot sitting in her car] Michael! Just once, I would like to be a puppet master and have nothing go wrong. Is that too much to ask? No, y-you were... right. You were right. You were right. [Michael leans into Donna's car to kiss her and they kiss passionately] I'm sorry. I'm sor... No... [they kiss again] Kelly got into the minority training program. Oh, Michael. No, I'm serious. It... this happened. I went down to the parking lot and I was... I returned her barrette [holds up barrette] We ki... We did. Okay. We did. We did. Very well. I must have imagined it. I apologize. [Pam clacking her stapler and Jim responding with tapping his keyboard rhythmically] Detonator. Detonator where? Michael! Michael, come on. Fine. [clears throat] Hey. Tap away. [Dwight puts noise-cancelling headphones on and Pam and Jim begin to blink rhythmically] Ooh! Things with Donna are so... oh-ho-ho! They're going great. I, uh... we're just clicking on every level. Emotionally and sexually and... orally and I am not used to relationships going this well. I'm actually having trouble focusing on my job. And I like it! I have an idea for your weekend. Let me get back to my desk right now. Stanley got to go. Walk around apple orchards. Super romantic. Eel fishing. You and Donna should h*t the Poconos. They have heart-shaped Jacuzzis. Room enough for three. Wait, why would you go all the way to the Poconos to P.F. Chang's when we have the Great Wall in Scranton. Wait, that's crazy far. Are you sure she's not cheating? Some diner?! It was the Starlight Diner! It's in a LIFE magazine spread about Americana. You had a nice meal with your girlfriend in a lovely place... That is right. Don't make any more of it. How what? You could start by concluding this meeting. How many dates have you been on? Does she leave the room when she takes phone calls? Does she keep perfume in her purse? Does she shower before sex? Does she shower after sex? Does she... Sorry, dude. Michael, do not let your imagination run amok. Amok. It means, don't let your imagination run out of control. Michael, do not let your imagination run out of control. You do? But you didn't believe any of this was true five minutes ago. That's what makes it so wrong. Oh, God, that tickles. What did... I think I've got one for you. [hands Michael a business card] $100 a day, plus expenses. I'm just gonna warn you... and I say this to all my clients... you might not like what I find. That's interesting. Wow, it's a little early for ice cream, don't you think? You know Michael, this whole Donna thing is gonna be okay, you just... stop b*ating yourself up. Why do we have to see what Dwight says? No, no, no, no. Undo that. Undo that. Michael. Okay, I'm... I'm going to talk straight to you because I think you need to hear it. Michael. Stop eating it! Do you wanna be happy? Look at you. You have a major self-destructive streak in you. And you kind of torpedo every romantic relationship you're in. Helene. My mother. My mother, Helene. [Jim shakes his head] You should stop this, [pulls away mayo and olives bowl] and you should call Dwight right now. Donna, come... Ah! Grr! Ugh! [Dwight is very sore from his "workout" and cannot chase Donna] Oh, I pulled muscles in both my thighs. Thanks for asking. Yeah, no. She's not cheating. Oh, man! Will you help me work out this knot? Right here. [near his groin] Put your fingers here. I'm positive. Yeah, oh, and here's your expense receipts right there. People who don't trust egg whites. Oh, me too. And by the way, uh, I told her not to, but she's coming over here and she's furious. You're right. I was paraphrasing. What she actually said was, [pulls out notebook] "What is with him? He is crazy. I'm coming over there to talk to him." And this was after I have no other recourse but to tell her and gym security that you had me sent there to see if she was cheating. Also, I joined the gym. You'll be billed monthly. [lays down gym membership receipt on a chair in Michael's office. I am not paying for that membership. Maybe you'd be more comfortable in your own office. Uh, no. [Michael sighs, Donna enters] Wait, yes. Yeah. How could you think I would cheat on you? That's pathetic. When I tell you I like you, you need to trust me, not some freak. [Dwight is gulping some sort of power shake] I told you I like you. Hey, if I said that we should go away for a couple of days, you would... Have you ever been to Vero Beach? We're going. Isn't that something? Hey, Michael. I'm sorry to interrupt you. Um, I actually have something very important to talk to you about, business related. I lied it's personal. It's about me and Jim. We're... I just... you're the only person I can talk to. And... No, not... we're not... we're not having problems. But it is personal. And I would love... Yes. Yes, I desperately want to speak with you about my sex life with Jim. [loudly] I need you to sign this! So bad! I am, but I, I gave my clubs away. I swear too much. [Pam and Donna both laugh] Hey, you okay? [to Michael, walking away disappointedly] What? I don't know who he is. What? You just have to go in there. You have to hear it from her. You have to settle down first. Okay. Okay. Yes. Yeah, but you have to calm... Okay. Look at this, look at this. Baby picture. [to Andy] I talked to corporate. Turns out there have been 12 reports of faulty printers. Out of 400,000. [smiles] We've investigated. Every time it's been user error. They block the vents or something, I don't know. That's why we have the fine print. Thank you for bringing this to our attention. So I'd like to reward you for that. [pulls out gift card] That's god for five bucks at Dunkin' Donuts. Any Dunkin' Donuts. [Andy looks over at Darryl and Darryl motions for Andy to go to him] Yeah, we should. Yeah. Thursday works. Yeah, what do you wanna do? Oh, Friday doesn't work. sh**t. I'm working. Well, won't you be at the concert? Oh, well, I can make it on Tuesday. How do you know? I don't wanna prank anymore. Things get real. It's not funny. I'm just gonna be good, stay in my room, go to church, try to do one nice thing per day. I do not wanna prank anymore. What, what do you mean? It's you. I'm married. This here is a radon test kit. [holding out tiny cylinder disc] Okay I will be putting 'em everywhere. And... please don't throw these out. [starts snapping towards Michael's face] This is a radon test kit. [continues snapping] Please don't throw these out. [Michael gives annoyed look] See them all over the office. Toby has been leaving radon kits everywhere, like he owns the place. The first time I threw mine away, I thought it was an ant trap. [finds radon kit in between his blinds in his office] But I figured I'd rather live with ants than with his creepy little disc. [throws it away] The second time... I thought it was one of those, you know, those things you turn over and it moos. [finds another radon kit on top of his cabinet] Like a cow thing. But upon closer examination, it was another ant trap, so I threw it away. And the third time... I did it out of spite. [takes radon kit from the top of the blinds of his office window and slams it into the trash can] Come on, Michael. You're interrupting. Please sit down. YEAH! [laughter] That's... not okay. You were being really funny, and then you went too far. Mm-mm. Is there a curtain rod in the room? Is this the thing where they use an icicle so there's no evidence? I don't wanna do this. Yeah, that works. That works! Oh, and if he makes a joke, just laugh it up, no matter what. Okay? Hi Michael. [gives him a hug] Michael, nice tie or something. That's awesome. You want some ice cream? Exactly. It happened in Big. Hey Michael. We can order in from Hooters. Billy Joel Rock Band. Yes. [shouts] Michael Scott, are you still seeing Donna? Oh Michael. Since when is this an office where we delve into each other's personal lives? That is something I would never do. I ask... everyone in the room, "Are you in a relationship?". Okay. How does he feel about it? Now you're just being hurtful. Hey! Did Donna tell you that? So you're just making a giant assumption. You don't even know the guy. So... here's the thing about infidelity. How does that work? In any cheating movie, the person getting cheated on is the hero. You're Ali Larter, I'm Beyonce. Not this time. This guy's a high school baseball coach, right? Let's go check him out, see what a horrible person he is. Yeah. Those teams have games and practices every day. Let's go check it out. Oh, really? I thought you were the boss. Baseball! Where? Stage right or stage left? I played batboy in damn yankees! [announcer's voice] And Now, coaching third base with two arms, two legs, and no heart. Capable of feeling pain. Chase Dixon is up. Could be a big play. I know it's like cricket. And it's--there's-- well, home plate is like a wicket. Seems pretty well liked by the team. You do know that high school coaches don't pay their players. Great game, coach. Ha. The other guys can go die. Baseball! Go talk to him. But real quick, I want you to meet my associate. Sheldon! Come on, get over here. Get- Get over here. Sheldon, say hi to the nice coach. It's all right. It's all right. Keep it going. Well, that was not at all what I expected. Hoo hoo! Whoo. My heart's still racing. I just looked a man in the eyes and I shook his hand. All the time I was thinking, "I'm sleeping with your wife." And you know who does that? James freakin' Bond. Thanks, Michael. Why would you throw something wet at me? Now, were those for the team? I don't think those were yours to take. Did you talk to him? Was there a fistfight? And it didn't change your mind. Michael, that's awful. Yes. Yeah. That's pretty bad. How can you live with yourself? That's Meredith's cake. It's her birthday. It's hard to live that way man. You gotta really not care what people think about you. I-I don't know how you do it, Michael, I-I-I can't be that cold. [Michael leaving copy machine] Uh, boss, we're out of paper. Are you gonna add any more? He don't give an "F" about nothin'! For your signature. [drops document on Michael's desk] Why not your condo? Oh, Michael, will you drop it? Everybody's spoken their mind, and no one's changing their mind. Do you want someone to stop you? 'Cause no one's going to. Oh, it'll work. [Jim and Pam look shocked and disturbed] Mm. Stop kissing me. It's not in the contract. Michael Scott? Do you wanna make a comment on the rumors? I'm talking about the Sabre printers that catch on f*re.  [high-pitched voice] I saw you on the news and I want to pinch your tiny wiener... [normal voice] It's Packer! OH! Pack Man, I thought you were a girl! Apparently, there are allegations that Sabre printers can cause a f*re. So they asked me to give a statement to the press. I'm like, what? All right. So I do it. It's on TV last night. And it's in the paper today. And it's online. And then I call Froggy 98.7, the request line. I talk to the host about it on the air. It's like, come on, people, enough. What's number one? So instead of working, you want... Okay. Awww, it's kissing its mommy! Michael, you have to see, this is like, the cutest thing ever. Howdy. I hope I'm not interrupting anything. Not long ago, we discovered a defect in one of our printers, so we got a software patch and fixed it right up, just like that. I don't know how it works. But just as we were about to send out a letter to our affected customers, giving 'em free toner, and we keep 'em, happy, but somebody here, they liked that first story better. The one where we lose half our clients for no damn good reason! Whoever it was who talked to the press, they should come forward, please. Can you now? [as Gabe hands out forms to everyone] It's a little form, says "I did not do it." All that's just birthday information, Michael. Why don't you come with me? We'll start out with the honcho, what'cha say? So say we catch this whistleblower, what do you think I should do with him? Uh, that's, uh, Guantanamo Bay. Well, I guess we're all right, Michael. Yeah. Everybody knows it was Andy, and it is not fair for us all to take the fall for his big stupid mouth! Well, buy property. That's my advice. Uh... I, I didn't know. I didn't do that! Okay? I, I... didn't do it. I swear on the graves of my parents who aren't even dead yet. I don't care, that's how much I swear! I don't know who's giving Darryl any crap. He was more bothered about it than me. Yeah, I did. I, I was talking to this girl at a bar. I think she could... sense my sadness, and I, and I found out too late that she... she's the copy editor at the Trib. No. Oh, god, Darryl! This is a very good idea. This is good. Let's get all the bad ideas out now. Flush them out. I don't know what to do! Do I go tell Jo, or - I don't want everyone to keep blaming the wrong person! That fast? Oh. [Michael knocks on Pam's desk] Yeah? [Michael points at Pam, himself, and Meredith, mimes drinking, driving, then points to his watch and holds up five fingers] I weirdly know exactly what you're saying to me. All right, this is just messed up. All right. We're not going for yogurt. Guys, I couldn't help it, it is so boring where we work. I mean, it's as interesting as a morgue. It might be less interesting than a morgue. Thank you, Erin. Woof! Wouldn't we get fired for smashing all the computers? I don't think that's a good idea. Uh, if you turn me in, I'm turning in Darryl. Nobody's going to prison, okay? Um... all right, Michael, you need to convince Jo to go easy on us. And then we'll all confess once we know our jobs are safe. Basement office? You mean like a lair? Michael. Michael Scott... what do you know? What? If it doesn't matter, then tell me. Because I want to deal with it the way I deal with it. Empathize with me for a moment. I came up here with a big problem, and now I got a branch manager who's giving me the silent treatment... Speak to me... speak. [Jo's dog barks] Come with me. [as Michael and Jo leave] Are you leaving? Oh, am I... should I continue with the investigation? But... [Dwight closes phone] Michael. Let's just talk. Honey, you don't seem like your normal self. Mama Jo knew there was something up. Oh, I hate that. Who's Holly? When I was growing up, there was nothing better than being a big old business tycoon. And I thought I'd break that glass ceiling and be a hero to all those little girls out there... and they'd make a Barbie out of me. I, did I sell cheap printers? I do. But if I have to go out there in front of the press and make one of them public apology recalls, I mean, it's all I'll ever be remembered for. Nobody will want to play with my Barbie. Oh honey, surely you don't want that. Yeah. Hey, I appreciate you reading that statement. You looked pretty up there. I hope your rough patch ends soon. Well, give me a shout if I can brighten your life.