No. [applauds] Alright! [high fives Pam] That... is for a good cause. Phyllis, how's the rabies quilt coming? What? Hey. Can you make that straighter? That's what she said. You might want to trim it a little. Can you believe that... Oh no, we're just sitting here. OK. What?! I don't know. If the kid wants to set mine up, I'll let him. Why don't we just go as teams to demonstrate our teamsmanship? Yes? OK, that's not helpful Phyllis. Exactly! Dwight mercy k*lled Angela's cat. It's very complicated. It's caused a lot of unpleasantness between Dwight and Angela. Who are both already prone to unpleasantness. Lunch party? It's supposed to say launch party! What is wrong with you? Angela is worse than usual lately, and we have a party to throw. So I Googled how to deal with difficult people, and I got all of this. [whispering] So we're gonna try out some new things today. I feel angry. Angry at you. Angry at you for doing something stupid. Angry at me for believing you could do something not stupid. I asked for assorted cutlery and I got back spoons. These are worthless. Phyllis. These are spoooons. Spoons have rounded tops, and are used to scoop things. What we need are forks, which have prongs, or tiny spears on top. And we need knives, which have blades. Do you understand me now? Oh no, it's bad. It's real bad. It's like eating a hot circle of garbage. It should take no time at all if you put the care into it that you normally do. Ow! It's 'whom' when it's the object of a sentence, and 'who' when it's the subject. [makes a W then an L with her fingers, and then runs a finger across her throat] Yeah! Everything! Oh it's all good, it's all good. Phyllis! We have three scenes to film, big scenes. We have a song to write. So let's get cracking. Kelly, I want you to do makeup. Oscar, I would like you to do costume design, obviously. Phyllis, I'd like you look around town and see if we have any celebrities in our local area. Okay, okay, Phyllis this is what I want you to do. I want you to go down to the mall. I want you to get in line. I want you to get her to be in this commercial. This would be a huge coupe people. All right? Do not take no for an answer. I find the mystery genre disgusting. I hate being titillated. Andy, Andy, this is a pivotal scene in the ad. And if we don't get this, if we don't nail it, we're going to lose the whole triumph of the moment. The triumph of the will. Now, God, what? What Phyllis? That'a girl. Did you, or did you not get Sue Grafton? And George, his- his youthfulness. His, um, freedom. [Phyllis still beeping the microwave] Evokes, um, um, feeling, um, to the, um... What are you microwaving!? Why don't you use the microwave in the kitchen, Phyllis? Under the stars. It was really beautiful, you should come. Bob and I took rock climbing lessons once. [Michael laughs] [flashback to Phyllis' birthday, sneaking up on Phyllis' car] Happy Birthday! Well nobody's touching my cobbler. This is ridiculous. I left my cell phone in my car. [sitting on Oscar's desk] Oh hello Oscar Mayer Weiner lover. I bet that you have a bunch of very liberal girl type friends that trust you implicitly because they know you'd never touch 'em, because of your condition. Umm... What? Oh. Hmm, I see, feisty. So she's not jolly or sassy? Not like a jolly, sassy opera singer? Oooo. Catcher or in field? Is she a dress wearer or a pants wearer? Could we share a row boat? Could, could a row boat support her? I think I'm being very clear what I'm asking. Would an average size row boat support her without capsizing? [silence] It bothers me that you're not answering the question. There's nobody I hate enough to write her name on this card. TBD. Phyllis? No guys his name's not Hank, it's ah, is it Edgar? Yeah, neither did I. Once in a lifetime opportunity people! Come on, here we go! Here we go! Let's, yes? Okay... Okay, do it! Go on! Great! Let's hear it! It's drying, it's drying... Alright, hablbelah, come on, Phyl! Has potential to be your best idea yet. [Michael smiles] Guys, do we have to stay all day? Excuse me, people. It has come to my attention, some of you have forgotten, who is in charge here. When Michael is gone... Jim is in charge. When Jim is gone, Andy and I are in charge. When Andy is gone you answer to me. Okay? [Stanley gets up to go] Excuse me where do you think you're going? Oh no, no, no. You're not leaving. No! Stanley, do not walk out that door! If you walk out that door, so help me, I will - [Stanley leaves] He left. Last time I checked, the American workday ends at five pm. You will all stay at your desks until that time. Or, you will suffer the consequences. Phyllis, can you do this? Exactly. A little old-fashioned hazing. Antigravity machines? What do they do exactly? Antigravity... Um... Anti...depressants? I could put you through to someone on that. I was thinking... fireworks for the party. What do you think? Oh, no, no, no, no, no. I just meant I wanted to pay to have fireworks at the party. Because I'm gonna miss Toby. Yep, he's a heck of a guy, and I think we should send him off right. It doesn't matter. Here ya go. [hands her an envelope with money in it] [giddy] Yeah... Phyllis, you look like you're gonna have a heart att*ck. I shredded it. Gosh, I just don't know. Why do you think? [everyone exits the building to find a carnival-themed party in the parking lot] Woah! Cool! A bouncy house! No antigravity machine, huh? Hey Mrs. Vance, we're all out! [on phone, leaving a message] Hi, Jan, it's Michael. I just um, I just want to let you know that I am going to go to your Lamaze class tomorrow. Um, and if there's any details you need to fill me in on, like... what exactly Lamaze is, that would be great. And I... will see you tomorrow morning. [hangs up] I am going to be... kind of a daddy. I lost four pounds. I don't know what those other fools were doing, but I lost four pounds. Angela, you'll go to the supermarket and get the New York cheesecake. Make sure it's the generic one. It's Stanley's favorite. How's it going? Cake? Who suggested cake? [Angela points to Phyllis] [watching baseball game on TV] Some girl came into Pam's room crying about her roommate stealing her soy milk. So I'm in here waiting it out. OK, everybody. Phyllis, did I or did I not say fruit? And what is that? Hello Phyllis. Do you have a minute? Listen. I'm really sorry... about what I said before. Ok? I was way out of line. But you know what, I want to make it up to you. There is a sure f*re sale, but it's a two man job. Interested? Hey! Jim! Um, listen, can I call you back in a little bit? I made friends! Oh my God, what happened? And you b*rned over a thousand calories walking home. And this branch just got a little bit closer to winning the contest. Phyllis Vance, ladies and gentlemen! [claps] Yeah, I took your purse. What are you worried about? [Phyllis storms to her desk, picks up phone and dials] You look great. I can definitely see the difference. Ok Phyllis, thank Dwight first. I like her fingernails. ...what else do people like? Let's start discussing those questionnaires that you filled in this morning. It is wrong to make personal calls during work hours. Now, some of you marked that you very strongly agree. But ideally you would have selected totally agree. In this next section we examine the difference between sick days and personal days. Sick days are only to be used when an illness precludes you form doing your job or can spread to your coworkers. Personal days, on the other hand, are much more flexible. I think she got it as a tip, but I don't know why she didn't just take cash. Hello ladies, how's my shower going? Phyllis, did you get the live storks? Per your instructions, we have the personalized M&Ms with the baby names. This is your boy bowl, with the name "Chevy." And this is the girl bowl, with M&Ms with the name "Astird." It does not matter to me at all whether this baby is biologically mine. I am going to love it. It's like when the dog nurses the tiger cub. Have you seen that video? It is... it's so bizarre and unnatural, but... it, it happens. But Phyllis, it's not his baby. Why do we have to pay money to get a gift for his ex-girlfriend's unborn sperm bank baby? Look at it as if you're paying for the cake, not the baby. Sheet cake. [banging on the glass] Hey, hey. What are you doing? Don't talk to them. J-Money. Or should it be T-Money, for Tuna? Receptionist Money. K-Money. A Kn*fe. You got a better way? About what? Probably get soup or something light. She introduced me to so many things. Pasteurized milk, sheets, monotheism, presents on your birthday, preventative medicine. I was talking to myself. I just don't get it. Why is she marrying Andy? That's really fattening. Get in. I know she loves me, Phyllis. I am sure of it. She practically told me so. Are you sure that's going to work? To recoup their losses, I am planning a little charity auction, where people from all over Scranton can come and bid on our goods and services. I'm calling it crime-aid. It's like farm aid, but instead of farms fighting against A*DS, it is us fighting against our own poverty. Thank you. Okay, I'm gonna have to stop you right there. Was this a sorority that you didn't get into a real sorority so you had to kind of form your own? Okay, this is the moment that you have all been waiting for. Our first item up for bids tonight is something that I consider to be very boss indeed. [cheers and applause] It is a Yoga lesson from Holly Flax! Yoga! And I would like to start the bidding off at 300 dollars. [auctioneer voice] 300 dollars do I hear 300 dollars? 300 dollars. Hey, batter batter batter, hey batter, swing batter, 300 dollars, 300 dollars, 300 dollars. Anybody, 300 dollars. 400 dollars. Who wants for 400-[speaking gibberish] Do I see somebody in the back? Is there somebody in the back? Do I see somebody in the back? 400-450 [speaking gibberish] Sold! For 300 dollars to me! [bangs gavel, which squeaks] What the hell is that? Hey Phyllis, someone let the air out of your tires. Come quick. I had to get your attention. This is an emergency. [the air is let out of one of Phyllis' tires] Listen, she ignored my ultimatum. Now what? Okay, fine. I've moved on. Now how do I get her back? Wait, that's it? That's your advice? I thought you had some kind of big master plan. No. I think they were stolen. I think they were stolen and they're gone forever. So... oh, that was the last good item. So, good job, everybody. [dressed as Carrie Bradshaw] Wow you guys look amazing. Stanley, I thought you hated Halloween. Oh, I'm Carrie Bradshaw from Sex And The City. Thank you. Will you help walk me to the fax machine? Well if somebody who barely out-sells Phyllis, can get in, I should be fine. Pam comes back from New York next week and everyone here has just been so excited for me. And involved. And intrusive. And weird. Have you seen her painting, Jim? The building? There are shadows coming from two different directions. Whoa, you haven't told the misses about the castle? You're in for a spanking my friend. Myself and my lady? - no secrets. Oh thanks, Phyllis. Oh, it's on uh Linden Ave? By the quarry? There he is! Hello, hello! Mm, no... Eh... I will not be the big guy in the tiny hat. [Kevin is wearing the same hat] Hey, Phyllis, do I need this invite to get in to the party? Awesome. I think this is going to be the best Christmas party ever. It's the nativity scene. I am not going to judge Phyllis for desecrating Christmas. There is one person who will though and Phyllis just stuffed him into a drawer. But-- Thank you. An intervention. It's sort of hard to describe, but really its-- it's a coming together... it's a surprise party for people who are-- who have addictions. And you get in their face and you scream at them and you make them feel really badly about themselves. And then they stop. I don't-- You can say it as loudly as you want, but we're not going to believe you. Please stop making me do these things. But it's the season of mercy. I lost it. [Phyllis glares at her until Angela pulls out the hairnet and puts it on] I know. If she wasn't an alcoholic before, she is now. [Jim laughs] NO!!! It's outside. Shut up. I'm not moving the tree. Face it. The only power you have over me is this big secret that I know you're not going to tell. And you want to know how I know that? Because then you won't be able to plan your stupid, tacky parties anymore. So you move the tree. [yelling as he runs past the radar g*n] Aah! There's Andy, he's in his car. You guys, what is he doing? What's happening? Dwight, I am really busy, I can't talk about this anymore. [Dwight follows red cord through office past Phyllis' and Stanley's desks] Oh, well, then, email it to me. Who is the gal in question? That is not the question. [points to smoke] Oh, my God! Uh, Oh my God! Back to our options. Jeez! Ok! settle down everyone. No bunching! The f*re's sh**ting at us! Oh, I don't know. Come on. Anyone else? I could not, because I do not feel it. Okay, everyone. I am going to need you to sign this statement of regret as an acknowledgement that you heard it. Okay? Everyone come on up here. It's not a big deal. During our relaxation exercise? May I have your attention please? Sign in, sign in on the sign in sheet, the clipboard. This meeting is mandatory, if you do not sign in your name will not be counted. Thank you. Oh, that's quite a leap Pam. Phyllis there's a package for you. Whoa! What was that all about. Um Phyllis, who's that? For your information, I have been with lots of beautiful women. Those aren't... themes. There's always a theme. [walks out] God, stop. Stop it. Yeah, thanks. Anything to get out of that office. I honestly don't know how you can work with that jackass, that other jackass, and that new jackass. Wow, that's impressive. Yikes. One time. You love bringing up that one time, don't you? Where were we? Want some meat? Forgot. [backing out of the bloodmobile] I, uh-oh I feel so woozy I just [to Phyllis] Band-A*DS. What exactly is the PPC? I could see our kids facing obstacles being half-Black and half-Indian, but it's so worth it, you guys. I am going to get him to buy me a prime rib tonight. How's it working? The whole office feels darker, you know? It's just a sad dark day. I know. I can't do this! This is pathetic, isn't it? I am such an idiot. I gave up the only job I ever loved to do this? I have egg in my Crocs. Phyllis, are you okay? Are, you okay? I get it. [To Phyllis] You need to see more? Mm-hmm. These sleeves are cutting off my circulation. Not enough blood getting to my hands. I have a long term relationship with Harper Collins publishers and Mr. Schofield. I'm not worried. I guess I could be nicer. Oh, really? Okay? It's going to work very smoothly, because Pam and Ryan are bringing over a ton of clients from Michael Scott Paper Company and-- [laughs] Boscov's at the Steamtown Mall? Well, you have good taste. What? Oh, I, um... He doesn't like it. Get out! We need to do something. I'm thinking maybe a coup or we take Ryan hostage. Where'd you eat? I know times are tough right now, and I laud your thriftiness. [tries to pull phone out of Ryan's hand] Ryan! Who quits? It's frontward's. Right. They wouldn't make it unless people liked it. No. I don't want to stay late to have a two hour lunch. What? ... with coffee but without the haunted. [Michael is holding the stereo speaker up to a vent - blaring "[Gonna Make You Sweat] Everybody Dance Now", spins in chair] Oww! Oh, he's on a call. It's pretty important. He wouldn't want to be disturbed. Can I give him a message before he gets off? I'll let him know. Phyllis? Hey! [starts dancing with Phyllis] Alright. Back. There you are. There you go. Good. Good. Ooh. Show me some attitude. Oh, God! No! No! No! No! No! Oh, wow! What did you do? You didn't do that. You're ok. You're ok. Let's lie down. You want to go down? Alright. Who tipped you over? Was it Phillip? It's her back. We just - We need - Let's - You know what? We're going to take care of you. We're gonna get you help. Let's - come on. What? Oh, just having to much fun. Phyllis, we're going to put you in here. Dwight's going to take care of you. You comfy? Alright? Alright. Relax. Relax, ok? Come on. Relax. The shirt wasn't doing you any favors. If my assessment in correct, you grind your teeth? It's better than I imagined it! This is oil from the gland of an otter. It keeps their fur water resistant, as well as traps heat. Now I need you to lie still for an hour. I'm gonna with the python. No. Please. I find the rattle soothing. It puts me to sleep. What's so funny? Hey! Hey! Jim and Pam! Can you believe this? It's really happening. It's not a sledgehammer! Come on, people! We need to get our heads in the game! Let's focus! Come on, you're better than this! I am better than this! Phyllis, why are you sitting on the ground?! Yes! We advance to the next round! [Pam saves the play and Scranton cheers] Yeah! What happened? Oh! Hey, I hired them! Matchmaker! This place is like Spaniard Fly. Did everybody know about this but me? Well apparently, he and his wife were out dancing at a club for young people. Who? What exactly is my responsibility here? To comfort insecure heterosexual men? That can't possibly fall to me. Well then, what's the one true rumor? Okay. Thank you. How are my sales doin'? Busted. My numbers are down a little bit and it's 'cause of the economy. You're not buying it, you're good. Okay the truth is, I have been having trouble focusing lately. I'm in this weird, flirty, nebulous thing with this cousin of mine and it's a total mind effer. Of your butt, and your butt, and your butt, all of the Scranton branch butts. I can be very suprising. You know, it's a myth that women have to gain more than nine pounds in a pregnancy. Look at these actresses. Some of them lose weight. It's awkward asking people for money, but we could really use it. Why doesn't Crate & Barrel let you register for a toaster full of cash? Oh, good. No, we're not. Again, that gives us no information. Why can't you? My time is just as valuable as yours. There's no way that Stanley gets more beans than me. [starts to take Stanley's beans, Stanley swats Andy's hand with his crossword puzzle] That is ridiculous. This is how it works. [everyone continues to argue] Thank you! That is exactly-- by the way, I would also like a raise. Are we idiots? [gets up, starts walking around] What right does Jim have to claim authority, hmm? Is he as good a salesman as I? Is he as matronly as Phyllis? There are moments where we can affect change. For a few seconds every decade, we exist, and these are those seconds! Let us storm his castle! Come on! Tick-- let's get him. Tock-- let's get Jim! Tick-- and drag Jim out of his office! Tock-- take his keys away from him! Tick-- that's a clock! The time is getting very close! It's now or never! What say you?! Um, nothing. I just... I used to have to do this part alone, and it was the worst. I have something I would like to give you. [leaves office] Michael! [to camera] Michael's my only friend left in the office. Except Pam... I think. Is she still upset? Phyllis, if you could switch to a different soap, just for a month or two? Yours is kind of perfumy. If your hat hits me in the face one more time-- [sighs] Everyone's driving me crazy. I know way too much about Andy's scrotum. [Jim chuckles] And my mom won't stop freaking out about my dad's new girlfriend. [sighs] This is supposed to be our wedding day. Why did we invite all these people? It's, it's a completely different name! Alright, in my defense... Shut up Oscar. Hey, alright, you know what, clearly I'm outnumbered here, but can I just say one thing, please? What is so wrong about me? I'm caring, I'm generous, I'm sensual. Is it really so horrible that I could possibly go out and find happiness. Uh, well, Jim and I got caught in a little flash rain, flash wind, flash lightning. Ok. Put them on speaker. Hey guys, what's going on? Don't you mean 'Koi Story'? The most fundamental thing about sensitivity training is that you cannot make fun of a person for something or some action that they have done that they regret. Show of hands- who has been 'Koi-ponded'? Who here's been the butt of a joke that has gone too far? Phyllis? This sounds ridiculous, I know, but some people say that I eat like a squirrel. Hey. I- I just wanna say that I cannot believe that I walked into a Koi pond. I mean, seriously. Walk much? [everyone starts laughing] Oh. I should wear a snorkel to the next business meeting that I go to. What happened to 'Do Not Mock'? That will inevitably lead to mocking. So... Is this the tape of me falling? Oh, why? Is there a place closer that sells them? Okay. I promise. [Pam starts to walk away] For the record your mom came on to me. [Pam turns around and slaps him; he gasps] I got it, I got it... Oh, Tuna b*at me to it. He lives on Sesame Street, dumbass. I just got an email from corporate, specifically for Accounting to stop all payments to our vendors. Well by now you've figured out that ol' Beatrix Bourbon was the k*ller. Nothing yet. Don't do the twirl. Ok. Obviously I'm not going to do the twirl. I only did it because I nailed the wave. Hey, Phyllis. Are you just getting back from lunch now? Ok. You shouldn't be telling me that stuff and also shouldn't be taking two hour lunches without telling me. That doesn't make you a boss. Well - who? How did you? Who, who told you this? Can't say. There you are. I don't think we have finished with my Inbox. No, Dwight, I meant... Yes, in a perfect world, someone would get money. But- Ok, for the record, I am pregnant and, obviously there has been some kind of a mistake, so why doesn't Jim just pick the next highest score on the list and we'll move on. That would be employee number three, which would be... son of a b*tch, Pam Halpert. Three, two, one! [pulls sheet to reveal Christmas tree] Ah! I begged Dwight and Jim to give me Erin for Secret Santa. And I decided to give Erin the Twelve days of Christmas. Is it my fault that the first eight days is basically thirty birds? [six geese are inside Erin's car] They finally let you do it! It's so edgy! So Santa, what can we expect from this party? What if you've been bad? Hey, Creed, we covered it. Lump of coal! Awesome. I'm trying Phyllis. You're Santa. That's what I want. What would Bob do? Excuse me. Whoever has been sending me the parts to this g*n, I think you sent me a gear instead of a trigger. Not a g*n. [crosses g*n off his "what could it be" list] Hey Phyllis, could you not reveal to Erin that I'm her Secret Santa? Yes! They're the only two gay guys I know. But they should be together. Oh yes. It's space garbage. Dwight's gonna be able to build himself a friend! [sings] Deck the halls with crappy gifts... Amen. [on microphone] No! Hi Santa. I'd like to make a wish. I would like an Xbox, and a TV that's compatible with an Xbox. And, I'm sorry. Scott! What in the hell is going on here? [Bob enters dressed as Santa too] You called Bob? Come on! Phyllis! Okay. You okay baby? No. This is my toast. I think this whole thing with Sabre is going to work out. I have a very good feeling about it. No, this is geological. Are you kidding me? She sent an email, so. "Coworkers, you may have received a Valentine from me. Please understand this does not mean that I like you in any way." Yes, Phyl? Pam, Pam! Okay, alright, okay, it's time. Time to go to the hospital. Somebody get Jim, please! Is it midnight yet? Here we go! I decided to give baby Halpert a newspaper from the day she was born. This frame set me back fifty five bones. But she decided to take her sweet time, so now I have to switch it with today's paper. I think it's going to be any minute now. Phyllis, what could you possibly have to do? Oh, thank you! Ah, yes, the leads. The leads that Sabre has spent $50,000 to get from a market research company... are not here yet. But will be.. [muttering, people rise to leave] No, no, meeting's not over. Hm-hm. Do you not answer e-mails anymore? Because I've e-mailed you four times asking you to come to my desk. Me likey! Hello. May I have everyone's attention, please? Gabe has instructed me to hand out the leads, so I'm going to give the leads to... King Creed! [hands him a lead] And to King Angela! [hands her a lead] Because today we are all kings. And queens [pats Oscar's shoulder]. Oh, how the tables have turned. I see you got my e-mail. I'll give you the leads. But you know what? It's going to cost you some clerical work [hands her a mountain of paperwork] Okay. You know what, let's just go to the dump, start looking - Ryan, c'mon, g*n in my car - Didn't we kind of start it? Yeah. [kicks spool] Stop it, get out! That's my spool. And I'll text Erin. She's really good at this stuff too. Pam texted back saying we could give them all iPods. Alright. Then we're back to cash. And I got to say, if giving a small percentage of our commissions is going to smooth all this over, I'm for it. [surveys the mountains of trash surrounding them] Wow. Amazing, isn't it. No other animal on earth could do this. Maybe beavers. But not like this. Yeah. We wanted to bring you in and make a peace offering. - two percent milk! What I forgot for the coffee. We have an awesome bean bag chair that's perfect for the break room. [reaches out the window and pats it] [Stanley straining and breathing heavily] Oh, wow, that is adorable! Yeah, I'm betting one more. 25. Yeah! Come on, you can do it! So what do you think? Hmmm, I saw a new drink on TV I'd like to try. I'll ask Bob. I would say I kind of have an unfair advantage because I watch reality dating shows like a hawk, and I learn. I absorb information from the strategies of the winners and the losers. Actually, I probably learn more from the losers. This isn't funny. I don't talk like that. [all continue laughing] [gets up and starts to walk to Oscar's desk] Is that the program where all those puppets live in the barrio? I made the most brilliant retaliation video. It's awesome. [looking it] Look at that. She's totally flirting with him. sexuality and pus. Man, I tell ya. Yep. Ooh. Could he still be seeing her? Okay, Pam... she's not invisible so stop asking silly questions. I'm sorry, it... why is it okay for Stanley to cheat or for Phyllis to cheat... Wow. That is crazy. No. We just talked. He's very nice. It did not. Isn't it? Okay. Oh, did you see this report that the zoo got a baby otter? It's on the same site! Absolutely. Anyone who talked to the press, please raise your hand. Ridiculous, Angela. And like I'm going to believe one of his spermed lovers. [quietly] Phyllis, what's this guy's name again? Hey Phyllis, have you seen my bag?