Eww. I hate hospitals. In my mind they are associated with sickness. Oh... She looks like an angel. Kelly, you are Hindu, so you believe in Buddha. Are you sure? You spend your whole life trying to get people to like you, and then you run over one person with your car. [sighs] And it's not even one of the popular ones, and everybody gets on your case. Doesn't make any sense... God is dead. [crosses finish line] And the winner is Toby Flenderson. Where are we? Michael... [Kelly enters conference room in a flirty red dress] Yeah, he is. Any other questions? [Kelly's hand goes up] Kelly Kapoor. So, how are you? Good. Kelly... It's too little. Use the phone. Kelly, I'm your boss now, OK? You can't keep talking to me like I'm your boyfriend. I never cared about you? Six months ago Karen Filipelli sent me an email. Asked me out. I said no, because I was committed to our relationship. Well, I hope you're still committed because I'm pregnant. [shaking head] OK. OK. I can... I can't talk about this right now, OK? After work, we'll go out to dinner, we'll talk about it then, OK? Ok. I look forward to hearing your ideas. [Michael retreats back to office] [to Kelly] Where do you wanna go? Kelly, come on. [walks away] You don't? You lied about being pregnant. You really don't understand why that might make me kind of angry? We're never getting back together. Really? 'Cause Ryan says so? Yes it's too tight. This is why I'm here? Oh good. Okay cool. How many pounds do you think I could lose by 7? Dunder Mifflin. This is Pam. What are you doing? I am in the fight of my life against this computer and every sale counts. Here you go. So you still missing Ryan? Okay, honestly, it was unlikely I was gonna figure this out anyways. [Kelly laughs] Why is Darryl here? He works in the warehouse. There's information here? Yeah, you're right, I don't need this. Hey, get off. I have plans later. As an object. Okay, um, Oscar, I'm going to need to take another advance on my salary. I have my daughter tonight; we're renting Charlotte's Web. My daughter. That was cold. It's like she only wants to hook up when Ryan comes around. It's gotten to the point where I get excited every time I see that little dude walk through the door. Hey, I like you. Oh yeah, what's not to like? But you need to access your uncrazy side, otherwise maybe this thing's run its course. Slow down, think it over. Dunder Mifflin.Andy, Creed, Kevin, Dunder Mifflin.Andy, Creed, Kevin, [singing in different tune] Out of paper, out of stock, there's friendly faces around the block, break loose from the chains that are causing your pain. Call Michael, Stanley, Jim, Dwight or Creed. Call Andy and Kelly for your business paper needs. Call Dunder Mifflin.Andy, Creed, Kevin, Dunder Mifflin.Andy, Creed, Kevin, You're right, it's better than you! It's us! [sings] Dunder Mifflin.Andy, Creed, Kevin, [flashback to Kelly's birthday, hiding in the elevator] Happy Birthday! The warehouse got a ping pong table last week. Now Jim comes down and plays with Darryl. Sometimes I bring him juice. My boyfriend is 12. Hi, Kelly. I don't wanna guess. It's not my boyfriend. I think it's a guy over here [points to Jim]. What, seriously? What is she saying? [flashback, to Pam] Your boyfriend is so weak, he needs steroids just to watch baseball. [flashback, to Pam] Jim couldn't h*t a ping pong ball if it was the size of the moon. Okay.Diane Well, delivery is all wrong. She's butchering it. Jan and I had an off again, on again relationship for two years. And I know this destroys her case, and I am sorry, but I throw myself at the mercy of the deposition.Diane Irie, sorry. "More tomorrow. xoxo, Michael." It would appear, that neither you nor Ms. Levinson considered you had a relationship in any sense of the word. Is that correct?Diane I don't think anyone in this room has the right to read my diary.Diane I love you too.Diane Alright, alright. This is the way I see it. Yes, I had sex with Jan, and yes, I did consider Jan to be my girlfriend. However, Jan clearly didn't consider me to be her boyfriend. So her actions are completely rightful.Diane Thank you very much. You didn't have to say that.Diane That was before our relationship. She was going through a divorce, and she was drinking a lot... [Jan glares at Michael] ...of water.Diane March 17th.Diane Yes.Diane [reading the performance review] "I am out of carrots. I am out of sticks. Mr. Scott has time and again proven himself to be an unmanageable employee, and a poor branch manager. I recommend he be removed from that position and re-assigned to sales where he belongs."Diane [stares at Diane, eyes tearing up]Diane [watches Jim score in ping-pong against Darryl] Yes! Way to go. [looks at Kelly] See that? 19, serving 4. [serves and scores] You know what? I'm sick of this! Let's go, you and me! Let's go. Pick up a paddle. I am. In my sleep. O. [hits the ping-pong ball, and it hits the net] [serves] P. I don't get the big fuss here, I like the site. Do you have a question Kelly? Way to go, man. No!! Come on, gimme something good! Yup. Good morning, Kelly. Fine. Good. [still watching video of Ryan] Oh my God. Ryan... Oh my God. I've been carrying that ring around in my wallet for six years. Because you don't know when you're gonna meet the right girl and the moment's gonna be right. And tonight, with the fireworks, and the music, and everything... it was right. You're shaking. Are you all right? Just leave me alone! Still good. You guys lost a pound. You lost one pound. Oh nothing. It's just some of us are taking this really seriously. Kelly. I wanted to say I'm sorry... for treating you bad the past couple years. I was in my mid twenties and I was goin' through a lot of stuff. I think I never fully processed 9/!!. Um, I want you to know I've changed. We should get a drink later. Catch up. Pick me up around eight? That--- I, um... cool. Well maybe I'll see you around. Hell of an ass. Kelly, will you just agree to stop this mess and stop trying to k*ll yourself? [Kelly eating in the break room] Hey, is that healthy food? Thank you. In fact, spending a half hour at the water cooler during work hours is a form of stealing. [to Holly] Can't set 'em up like that. You are a thief of joy. Anybody else. Yeah? She already has a stroller. Yeah, it's a really nice transition from womb to world, you know, kind of like a big womb. [dressed as Raggedy Ann] Shh. He wears that so he can sleep at his desk. Who are you? Mm. I like your shoes. [Kelly has 5-inch heels on] I got her, I got her. I can help you. You look amazing. Gordon Gekko. Yeah, so there you go. Oh, wow, so quickly. You love your mom. I'm not, I'm not getting married. So... [laughs] Psych. And I'm out a fiancee. Are those the customer surveys? [jumps into Kelly's area] Ha! [Kelly screams in surprise] Hear anything interesting? [laughs] I think you know. What are you up to, girl? Huh? Phyllis put you up to this? Stanley? Are they paying you? Let's just -- Let's head back to the desk. The reason that I got bad customer reviews is because I didn't! There is a massive conspiracy going on here, and I know you're involved. [enters breakroom] Hey. Sorry about Dwight, by the way. Well, we all handle it differently. I personally choose to handle it like a normal person, but... Hey, how are you and Darryl? No, no, no, no. Dwight, Dwight, Dwight. Let's talk about this. Why don't you tell us? Dwight. [to Kelly] I was informed by these gentlemen that the reports that you filed may not entirely be accurate. What's going on? [looks momentarily flattered, but thinks better of it] Kelly. You cannot say "I was r*ped" and expect all of your problems to go away, Kelly. Not again. Don't keep doing that. I'll give you one last chance to come clean. Just tell me what happened. Don't. Don't. Get away from that, Dwight, please. You know what? She's got a point about you two. You do have a problem dealing with people. You were lying. I have an enormous amount of trouble trying to get people to come to my place. And I hate it. I can't tell you how much leftover guacamole I have ended up eating over the years. I don't even know why I make it in such great quantities. Here's what we're gonna do. We are going to sit here for a while, make it look good. And maybe you should cry. Can you make yourself cry? [walks into Kelly's cubicle and sets a box down on the desk] Just checking out where I'm going to be pretty soon. When Pam gets back. Gonna be close quarters. Gonna be a lot of tension. This looks like where I'll probably do my pushups every day. [gets on floor and starts doing pushups] Is that supposed to impress me? [Ryan starts trying to do one-armed pushups] [talking head] No. Not going to happen. He has hurt me too much and too often. And I am in a healthy relationship so I'm not gonna flaunt it and I'm not gonna hurt him, but that door is closed. Slept like a baby. This has to happen again. Darryl can't happen again. Look at me. Do you want me to do more push-ups? Okay. You have to break up with Darryl. I already typed out a text message for you. All you have to do is press "send". Has to be done. We'll press send together. [phone beeps] I'd like to see him try. [kisses Kelly... cell phone beeps] That's all he wrote? Can I see it? Didn't you two date for like a long time? Welcome back. We're back. I--- I realized that for whatever reason I... just couldn't do better than kelly. You're taking two? Yeah why don't you send that to him in Costa Rica? [kissing Kelly against her desk] You did that for me? Huh? He might do it... I--- Pam, I am hopeless at that stuff I... I, uh... [stops kissing Kelly] I can't do this. It's not fair to you. And it's really not fair to me. That was your choice; don't put that on me. I'm just going on a little trip. It's not that kind of trip. I'm going to Thailand with some friends from high school, well, a high school. And if I don't do it now I'll never get to go. And I'll always resent you for it... you don't want me to resent you, do you? Let's be adults about this. Let's have sex one more time. And if you have any extra cash, that would be amazing. Oh, thank you my dear. Okay, you know what Toby? One of my employees is undergoing a crisis and I wish for just once you would take my side on this. I'm doing your job man. Hey, are you texting? [watching from the conference room] I can't believe they're gonna fight over me. Come on, coward! Where are you? Where... [spots a note attached to the bushes; goes to read it] "From the desk of Andrew Bernard." [scoffs] A note. Pathetic. "Dear Dwight, by now you have received my note. How are you? I am well. You are no doubt wondering why I have left this note. It has come to my attention that in any physical match with you, I would surely be bested." True. "The soft underbelly of my refined upbringing is my soft underbelly..." [as Dwight continues to read, Andy drives around the corner very slowly] Kevin, c'mon. That's not good. Oh my God! Dwight! Ok everybody, I've figured it out. The reason that you are all so stressed around me is that you are too intimidated to tell me what you really think. [Jim shakes his head at the camera] You are keeping these feelings inside, and that is what's causing stress. So, what is the solution? Solution is honesty, laughter, and comedy. In short... Hey Hey, I don't go make burgers where you work and then tell you how to make burgers. Ha ha! [front door slams, Kelly walks by] Hey, Kelly. Excuse me, that is no way to address a superior. So this is fun. We just wanted to say we are very sorry. If you say screw you one more time... [while Dwight and Kelly are arguing] Guys guys guys guys guys guys. We just want to make it up to you. What can we do? Okay. What kind of cake do you want imbecile. [shouts from another room] What did you do? What did you do? Why don't you tell Jim where you were from ages 14 to 15. Yeah, if she's old enough to get married, she's old enough to follow the law. [to Kelly] What did you do? Hey, you know what? I got you a cake. And... ta da. How do you hate it? It's a cake. I forgot if there was an "e" between the "l" and the "y." I still don't know. Frosting. [smiles, sighs, chuckles] Okay. Not a surprise. What?! You have a cake. You have a delicious cake, with your name spelled correctly? You haven't heard our theme, though. That's our theme. Yeah? Bonnie Hunt is on. Ahem. This is for you... and [puts blanket around her shoulders] ...Happy Birthday, Kel. [turns off lights] Okay, you've got one hour. [shuts door] Yeah. [Jim leans in for a kiss but Pam turns away] She's fine. [seeing Kelly tear a paper heart in half] What are you doing? I'll help. [Meredith tears the wings off of a Cupid] Now it's just a stupid baby. Well here we all are. Alone but together. No flowers for us. [in a Mexican accent] Relationships, we don't need no stinking relationships. I think we should all go around and tell our worst relationship story, and then get past it, just blow through it, yeah? Kelly, what about Ryan? He treated you pretty terribly, yeah? Nobody's after me, I just, I met a woman when I was giving blood and I thought she might come by. It's not a big deal really, I just, you know met somebody, we hardly talked, I picked up her glove so I was hoping I could give it back to her. It's possible. Believe me its nothing. I hardly even talked to her we just, we were lying there next to each other, I think our blood bags touched. Really? [everybody signifies their agreement, and Kelly gives Michael a piece of cake] Oh, thanks. I met this guy at corporate last week and we were just digging each other's vibe. I was totally grooving on him and vice-versa. And besides, the last two people to have his job were Jan and Ryan. The former was my lover, and the latter my best friend. So, who knows? I do. [in British cockney accent] It's gonna be mental! It's going to be mental. Thanks again, Charles. [on phone] Damn it, Stephanie, put me through to him. Is that him in the background? David? David! David, pick up the phone! And for my next trick, I will make my career disappear. It's just me here. I think he left. [Kelly runs to parking lot in the rain] Hello, Charles? Charles! I had no idea when I got in that car and headed to New York I was going to quit. I got on that ramp and I thought two hours, two hours to go. Feeling good. Listen to some tunes. Should've peed before I left. You know, you can run this stuff by Toby. I'm sorry, I didn't realize you were with anyone. I just wanted to bring you the brochure on that accounting seminar that I was telling you about. Earlier. Did Michael just let anybody in his office?Angela and I am aware of the effect I have on woman. Okay. Bye Charles. Well you'll let me know. Good bye. Just want to fill you in on a few details. As you know, I will be running the branch while we search for Michael's replacement. So please feel free to come to me with any questions or concerns. [Kelly raises hand] Yeah. I would like to invite you all to come away with me, on a journey. [nips mylar ribbon with hedge clippers, it won't cut, he tears it down] Welcome! To the Michael Scott Paper Company! You realize you're not actually talking to me, right? Hey Kelly? Oh, and Kelly... Erin. Okay, that's very pretty. Okay, Tuna. Hi, everyone. What do you hear? Meredith, too far! I really love your outfit. [exits the conference room in an undershirt] I'm gonna need two able bodied men. This dance competition is not over. Yeah. No. Well, ok. Well, stop trying to poke me with a sharp thing. I, I - but you're not a professional and I'm thinking maybe we should have gone to a professional. Are you sure that's not the "gay" ear? Well, I... Count to twen - count to twenty. Agh! Son of a b*tch! It was? 06[ Subtle Sexuality, Webisode 01 - "Creative Differences" ] Oh. Did we come up with a new name? Cool. More eyeliner. It's about me. [who has been sitting at the table all along eating his lunch] Do you guys need to do this here? This is a public area. No. It's not gonna read on camera unless there's a lot. What can I say? I love music. If I had to choose a lifetime without music or without sex, I would go a lifetime without sex. Girls would find other ways to take care of me. And I'm the minister. Are we doing this or not? My blood-sugar is getting low! Rolling? [Kelly inhales the cigarette, chokes and spits] That's it. I'm done. I've got somewhere to be. Is that a wrap? Absolutely. Maybe you can do it alone? I thought that I could do it. Would you be able to kiss him? So they asked me to audition for Subtle Sexuality so I gave them a little [makes electric guitar sounds]. Followed by some [scatting]. And, I sealed the deal with [old school rap beats]. This guy? You're really gonna make out with this guy? We've met before... Can I still be in the video?[ Subtle Sexuality, Webisode 03 - "The Music Video" ] Amazing! Kelly got Andy to edit it for us in exchange for a small part. You guys. DVD. Finished. [everyone screams]['Male Prima Donna' music video] Oh - oh. I bet there's something there. I was with them in the kitchen yesterday, and they were all too happy to be cleaning the freezer. If somebody doesn't tell me, I'm gonna start screaming. [approaching Kelly's desk, whispering] Stanley is having an affir. [to Kelly] I'm worried about Erin, because she's not a very good worker. I don't know how long she's gonna last here. Yeah. So... and Andy is gay. [eating cake with Kelly] I am so happy you're eating again. Okay, okay... here's the thing. There was one true rumor out there today. I didn't want everybody to know what it was. So all of you are off the hook, except for this one person. Okay. [leaves room] [gasps, then cheers] Hey Kelly. Thank you. Um, listen I just wanted to confirm that you're not coming to the wedding, which is totally understandable and more than fine. We invited everyone in the office to our wedding. Even though we realized most people wouldn't be able to make the drive to Niagara Falls. [whispers] Which is why we're having it in Niagara Falls. [normal volume] Then Michael told everyone they could have Friday and Monday off, if they came. So now, people have to decide if they want to come to our wedding or have to work. That is not the way I heard it. Really what it is, is about the money the sales staff brings into the office. Jim is only giving raises to the salesmen. Hold on, Kelly. Would it help you to know that Jim thinks you're smart? [in Andy's car, Andy driving] Hey, do one of you guys want to sit up front with me so I have someone to talk to? It's like a five hour drive-ish, you know. Oh. Gross. You call that a robot? Try being more robotic, ok? Like this. Oooh yeah... [people chuckle] Jim and Pam! Really was. Well, he could still... I'm sorry about that... Oh could I just get you to sign this second page. Ahh, I don't think so, no... I'd rather not say. [Ryan and Kelly talking] ...it should go with the persona you already have. Where did you get that mallard? That! Okay, I gave that to him that as a gift, I'm taking that back. Deal. [pays Ryan and takes the mallard back] Black widow. Can you breathe okay? Wait a minute. [looks at the bag in Michael's hand] Is that another birthday present for me cause you already gave me a necklace. Quick question. What punch? I'm pretty sure we said slap. You're just a bunch of voyeurs. Are you eating popcorn? Crazy world. Lotta smells. He knew all along! Hello. Sorry guys. [louder, face is scratched up.] Sorry guys. I'm not sure I've earned the right to make announcements yet. But whoever is giving me the Twelve Days of Christmas? As my Secret Santa? Please stop. I can't take it anymore. My cat k*lled a turtledove; the French hens have started pulling out my hair to make a nest. Please. Stop. Hey David. It's true. We all walk alone. [Jo leaves] I, uh... [reading her Valentine's card from Andy] Oh my God. Well, okay... Geez louise. Well, everyone got one. Oh my God. I'm sorry, I thought you saw me. Cool, thanks. "Please don't read into this card. Yours in professionalism, Nard dog." It's n-- that wasn't... I like someone else. It's not... Whether or not, you... Ha, nerd. Okay. Who else here is single? Hello hello. Top of the morning to you! Ooh ooh! Green M&Ms! Nature's Viagra! [Grabs and pours Kevin-esque scoop of M&Ms into his coat pocket] Two of my favorite joke areas combined. It'll be a good day. Because it's St. Patrick's Day, people go out in groups. Why no kids? It doesn't matter. Fill them out. All of them. Then when you're done, you can watch me shred them. No it's - how would he even know the Kardashians? Yeah. Sometimes the acorn just stays the acorn. If you don't believe me, look in my gutters. Phew! Can't wait for this day to be over. Just all the - drama. Between the - us and you guys. It's unnecessary, right? Oh, good, phew, thank god you said that. I have new baby pictures. Guys, one second. [on dance videogame] Guys, guys, guys, please. [game ends] Ok, all right, it's all yours now. If we save 'em up, we can get more than a sticker this time. Thank you. [Dwight and Isabel kiss] Yes. God, Oscar, will you keep your pants on? It's easy. That's a little derivative. [walking back into the office] That was ugly. I'm sorry you had to see that. But Oscar is an accountant, and the Count counts numbers. One minority from this branch is going to get into this program. Who would I refer? Hmm... the competent, hardworking one who does things his own way, or the malleable simpleton who can be bought for a few fashion magazines? Oh, man. White people, right? Well, you can kinda tell from the voice. I bet you get pulled over by the cops a lot, just because of your race. I think you should consider applying for the executive minority training program. I know, 'cause you have no role models. How many Indian CEO's can you think of? You could be the Indian Bill Gates. You could be the Indian Ted Turner. How as being a minority affected you? Oh, good, and you resent this because... Oh, no, no. That's not dorky. [Dwight wears his phone like that] Look, it's easily accessible. Boom, like this. 911, hello. Scranton Strangler's in the house. Inside the house. Yes, it was. Hey... what are you guys doing? Tell her everyone in home room thinks she's fat. You know, we really should keep practicing for this interview. It's easy... you just turn every question around on them. Do you think you're treated differently because of your race? "We?" Yeah, unless somebody else applies today. Oh, dear God. Okay. Don't make any decisions just yet. Okay? I'll be right back. That's very nice. [referring to Kelly's bindi] I never noticed that before. Yeah. I don't want to be offensive but, uh... may I ask you what that means? I can protect you from Kelly. [Erin stifles laugh] Will you get out of here? Seriously. [Erin turns and leaves kitchen] Whoa, whoa. Whoa, whoa, whoa! This is Hide Toshi Hasagawa. He would like to apply for the Sabre minority executive training program "print in all colors" initiative. Helping heal America in a dramatic fashion in the 11th hour. They're going to be pretty pleased in Tallahassee that I snagged an Indian for the program. She'll be the first. The program's mostly black. It's almost too black. That didn't sound right. Oh, my God, thank you so much. I love that denim jumpsuit you have. How much? Hey, kiddo. Congratulations are in order. You deserve it. [Dwight extends his hand, but Kelly hugs him] Oh. Gosh. He he. We actually went to the Poconos last Tuesday. We headed up there, we went to a little Chinese bistro, um, P.F. Chang's. Because when your super-hot girlfriend says, "I wanna go to Mount Pocono," you go to Mount Pocono and you do her. And we screwed. Whoops. TMI. [chuckles nervously] Yeah. Hah. Hoo. Thank you. No, I bought them myself. Steamtown Mall. You know, I actually got them in Philadelphia, in a mall down there. People, this is Scranton. And many people consider that to be the Paris of northeastern Pennsylvania. And in Paris, it is rude for a woman to have less than four lovers. That is a dangerous game, friendo. I don't know why you were in that part of the bookstore. All right, that makes more sense. You should have said that at the beginning when you said, "I read a book about anthropology." I'm not scream-- I'm not screaming. Um... It's okay, she's cool, she also whistle-blew. Hey, hey, it's as interesting as a morgue. No. Okay, not all the computers, just our computers. Michael, you know you don't have to turn us all in. All you need is one scapegoat.