Jim and I went to dinner a few times when he got back from New York. I talked him through his break up. It's really nice to be good friends again. I don't know, there is no evidence of intimacy. They've been in remarkably good moods. It could be other things. Hey guys, we're all gonna visit Meredith at lunch. And we're kicking in $5 for flowers. No, uh, me Stanley and Phyllis so far. Yeah, I haven't asked him yet. I was planning on it. [whispers to Kevin] Subtle. Brought you some balloons. Why don't we... here you go. [wraps them around her IV] Tie these up, cheer up your tubes... [IV pops out] Oh! Shhhh... For God's sake! Thanks. Is there a God? If not, what are all the churches for? And who is Jesus' dad? Oh, look at that, 3. Way to honor Meredith, Phyllis. Yes. OK. [walks away] Alright, alright. Shhh... I know that you're probably scared of people seeing your fat legs in shorts. OK, well back in olden times, a large fat person, like this, was a person of power. A person who had money, could buy food, person of respect. Like the regional manager of the day. Whereas, someone athletic and trim, like myself, was someone who worked in the fields... And I was a peasant. [runs into the back of Kevin] Ah, God watch the nipples, Kevin. Awesome! ...business meeting -- f*re guy [makes flames with his hands] Here for what? Look how big he is. Look at you, you are so mature and old and little man now. You're like our little man... Beard. Next night, I'm out, at a bar, 2 AM, I figure I'll get a sandwich because you can get a sandwich any time of the night. [claps hands] I run into Vince Vaughn. ... Later guys. Later man. Yeah, he's definitely something. Ha! Tuna... [inhales deeply] Tuna Tuna Tuna. He has a k*ller job, he's rich, he smells like what I think Pierce Brosnan probably smells like, he wears really cool rich guy clothes. So, sorry Tuna but if you don't know why that's awesome... then... you need awesome lessons. It's never gonna happen. [everyone gets up and leaves the conference room] Alright. Alright. Let's quit while we're ahead. Yes! It is awful. You've made this day awful! [murmurs of approval] Same thing. You know what? I don't understand when you all talk at the same time. [sighs, walks back into office] You find anything? Hey! Mister Overdramatic, what's up Kevin? What have we got here? Yeah, cheese, or do we have other flavors? Hey, have you seen Jim? My girlfriend and I broke up recently. And I must say, I am relieved. Gives me a chance to sow my wild oats. In the Schrute family, we have a tradition, where when the male has sex with another woman, he is rewarded with a bag of wild oats left on his door step by his parents. You can use these oats to make oatmeal, bread, whatever you want. I don't care, they're your oats. You can not, I have a thing tonight. Not a native speaker. Do you really know which one is correct? Hey Kevin, you're a gambler right? A rounder, you play the ponies, small horses. Yeah, I was thinking about doing some gambling myself. You know, just a little bit of money. Maybe doubling it, and them doubling it seven more times. I don't know, kind of just for fun. I was thinking, do you have tips, or ideas about sure things. Like a boxer who is going to throw the big fight, you know, like, like he's tied into some crooked dealings, maybe his kid is sick or something. Like, who do I call about that? Do you know anybody in the mob? I bet it's Jan spending him straight to the poor house. Hey guys. I don't talk to my girlfriend about money. It is rude, and unsexual. These are our accountants. And as you can see they are very different sizes. What you might want to do is kind of a Papa Bear, Mama Bear, Baby Bear thing. That might be kind of fun. Who are you talking to, specifically? Ahh. [puts his arm around Pam] I think it's interesting how Forster uses Italy to represent sexuality and passion. [Kevin dumping change in the snack machine] And that also brought up themes of, uh, you know, fate and coincidence. And Lucy's torn between these two things. She's torn between passion and convention. Yes. What is Jim thinking? It's a birthday, so what if there's a lot of them? What am I supposed to do with two cakes and a pie?' I'll call back. Hey, Kevin. Jim needs to see you. He needs help balancing some travel receipts. Yeah, no, he asked for you specifically. He's in the conference room. I lost a penny out of my loafers, Oscar. Some of us like the walk more than others. [to Kevin] Listen man, I am completely over Jan, so, would you set me up? I thought that you were engaged? Whaaaat? God, that's terrible man. Eghh, she's crazy. Umm, are you still on good terms with any of her friends? Oh... It's like a ten minute walk. Well, look, I am in an assigned parking place in front, so... Alright, alright, alright, umm let me try to think about what it would be like to not have one. [thinks] OK, yes that would be bad. OK. Wish I could, but I can't. Well can, but won't. Should, maybe, but shorn't. No question about it, I am ready to get hurt again. [while brushing teeth with an electric toothbrush] No, not the five families. We have to. [still brushing teeth] Sorry, I don't have time for this right now. I'm trying to get a date with Pam's hot friend. And she needs to meet me right now. Gentleman please. We called this meeting. Andrew Bernard is the name of me. And this is my associate, Mr. Kevin Malone. You have about ten seconds--- Whose parking spaces? We good? OK. Could have done this over e-mail. Come on. I'll drive. [at same time as Kevin] I did it. Thanks a lot guys, Good job. Yup... Owww! Wet cement, outside. It's drying fast, come on. This is a lifelong dream. What do I write? What do I write? So... All right, well, you're gonna have to deal with this yourself. Oh, thanks. Oh, okay... I should probably get back to... Entering the.... Because I want you to behave as if I'm actually f*ring him, Oscar, okay? Okay, okay. Great! What are we talking? Skins? Acey Duecy? Bingo bango bongo? Sandies, Barkies? Arnies, Wolf? What? Yes we will see Oscar, we will see, because a blank sheet of paper equals endless possibilities! Conceptual! All right! We. Are. Open for business! [all four of them sit in an empty booth with small Dunder Mifflin sign] Hello! You can try. But I've looked at your prices. Even with free shipping? Doesn't work. It's just- it's not in the stars, Jim. [Phil sinks putt] Six. All right, race to the next hole! [he runs off to the cart] Thank you. [Angela turns to look at him.] Thank you. You know what, screw this! [pulls Pam into a big smooch] Hello. Hello. [to Kevin] Hi. What do you do? Oh, good for you. Oh, no, that is so sweet. But thank you though. Well that is a very safe place for them. Hey Kevin. Do you need some help? Well, what do you like to eat? Hmm. Well how much money do you have there? [looks at the change in his hand] Okay, let's see... fifty... Oh, this is a button. Okay. Fifty-five, sixty-five, okay, you have seventy-five cents. So, that means you could get anything up in the top row. Hmm... Holly is sweet and simple, like a lady baker. I would not be surprised to find out that she had worked in a bakery before coming here. She has that kind of warmth. I'm pretty sure she's baked on a professional level. Cool! You drive your own car? Yep. Just like you. Oh, okay. Yeah. Well, actu-too soon. It's uh, it's uh, very sexual. [cell phone rings] Sorry. Kevin. [answers] Kevin, where are you? You missed my song, buddy. Just pay for it and we'll reimburse you when you get back. What is it? Well it was good to see you. Wow, Kevin, really? We're- [to Jan] Sorry. We're in the middle of a party. [to Kevin] Is this why you called me down here? I... Oh, okay. Okay. Oh that would be great. I love pie. 47[ Kevin's Loan, Webisode 01 - "Money Trouble" ] Yeah? Yes, you do. Every few weeks we have the same conversation. "Oscar" "Yeah?" "Can I pawn off stuff from the office and sell it on eBay?" "Umm no, Kevin, you can't." "Can I say I was an astronaut and sell the movie rights?" What do you think Kevin? "Can I sell time shares of my garage?" "Can I rent out my mom's car when she's in Florida?" "Can I be the heir of uh ...and and inherit lots of money?" What is he talking about? I know you have gambling debts. Promise me you will not take out a small business loan and use that money to pay off your bookie. What's a bookie? I don't even know what you're talking about. You are weird. You are a really weird dude, Oscar. So, uh, this would be a loan for an ice cream store? Like Baskin Robbins? Well I would hope so. Yeah, I see you've underlined that several times here. Uh, what does that mean, you'll deliver? Okay, so other than delivery and the rhyming name what are we looking at exactly? Flavors, okay Fudge the Magic Dragon. What are the ingredients of that? And you would make the ice cream yourself? Do you know how to make ice cream? I have a lot questions. Really? What kind of questions? Not something you're going to have to worry about. So do you have it? Let's go. [opens envelope] Kevin this is just paper. Come on Kevin, where's the money? Come on, stop playing games. Get me the money. I'm not going to hurt you. Do I look like I would hurt you? This is a terrible situation you got me into. Get it okay? Look at this car! [gets in car and drives away] Bank loan? What's your business plan? That's mad solid but, uh, you're never gonna get that loan. Cause, you're a nervous sweaty looking man, you know? You project failure. I get a hundred up front plus another five-hundred more once I score the loan. Any other nervous sweaty people having money trouble, you know who to call.[ Kevin's Loan, Webisode 04 - "Taste the Ice Cream" ] I can tell by your perfume you are a woman of distinction. I want you to experience something now. Taste the ice cream. [walks in] Hi, I'm sorry. We've already passed on this application. Can I ask you something? Did you make that or buy it from the store? Its cool we don't even need y'all. I sure my man has a back up plan. You got the loan? How much for one? Goodbye. All right, got it. 2,210 pounds. Math is hard. I need you to make me 100 copies of this on canary yellow. Hi. Oh, great. Yeah, Serenity by Jan is kicking ass and taking names. You remember last week when that girl went missing? Guess whose candles they used for the vigil? But he's an idiot! He is not an idiot! He is ment*lly challenged. But he's doing a super job here. [Kelly faints] Oh! It's kind of a good news, bad news situation. The bad news is we're not doing very well, so we really had to starve ourselves this whole week. But the good news is that all the other branches are doing just as bad as we are, so corporate upped the prize to five days. So if we stay fat long enough, we may actually get a whole month off. Yes. Gooooo-tee! Hey Kevin... [Kevin gives Ryan a noogie] That's really funny. It's great to see you Kev. If it's me, then society made me that way. Now, I know a lot of you are probably asking yourself, "Why are you dressed in a plus sized suit?" Thank you Angela. Thanks Michael. [Michael groans exhaustingly] Today we're going to have a business ethics seminar because recently, without mentioning any names, there has been some misconduct at corporate and we have a very strict ethics policy and that employee has been fired. No way, lady. Hey, where is the steak sauce? Wait a second, how does the steak factor in again? Hey, I'm collecting for the baby shower. Ready to play some games? Let's do it! Uh, duh. No, the baby doesn't ruin anything, Kevin, OK? The baby multiplies the fun. Let's just do what you were going to do. Great, they stole my laptop. How does that even compare? Hey, what's up, guys? How you been? Let's hear an opening bid, everybody. Who's first? Kevin do your taxes. He's the tax man. Kevin the tax man. Federal and State. [no one bids] Let's put a smile on that face! Yeah, and you said I could get it in any color I wanted, so I picked white. You wouldn't tell your mom? I am ashamed at your naked face. I must cover it with my jacket. [covers Meredith's face with his jacket] You are now sexy in your culture. Why have I stayed at Dunder Mifflin for so long? Certainly not because of the paycheck. 'Cause I could be making more money as a doctor or a professional athlete. I think it's because they respect me. A boss that will not f*re you, even though you just tell him off... right to his face... over the hone. That's respect. Are you swallowing them whole? You're eating them so fast, are they even touching your tongue? Kaaw! Okay. $645. You can do that? Uck... T.M.I. Alcohol is a drag. Yes. Here's what I'd like to do. I'd like to go around the room and have us each express to Meredith how her alcoholism has affected us. I'll begin. This Christmas party is perhaps the best Christmas party I have ever been to, but then you got so drunk that we had to stop and do this. That's how your drinking affected me. Anybody else? Another time when Meredith's drinking affected you? Come on people. If we don't say anything she's not going to get any better. [Kevin raises his hand] Yes, Kevin. That's-- you didn't-- you weren't hurt by that. new year, new candy. Okay, be careful, Kevin. They're kind of spicy. Yeah. Kevin, you screwed this form up again. The amount owed goes at the top. That's enough. That was good... It's just, at the end you weren't saying something that could also apply to the form. I need to talk to you in private. 10, I don't think he's gonna show. Ah, Hillary Swank. Have you seen her with her bangs? She is an amazing actress. She's not hot. [snaps back] No one cares. Who thinks that Hillary Swank is hot, raise your hand. [half of office raises hand] Okay, and who thinks Hillary Swank is not hot, raise your hand. [other half of office raises hand] Thank you, accounting department. Hot! What difference does it make? Attractive, beautiful, hot, we're talking about the same thing here. I think all of us have a tendency to view celebrities as sort of mythical figures, you know? We don't really see them as real so therefore we don't judge them as real people. Yeah, shut up Kevin. Kevin, you know what, why don't you close your eyes? Imagine that Hilary Swank comes into this office for real and she walks over to you [in a more and more seductive voice] and says Kevin Malone, I just read your online profile and there is nothing I would rather do then make out with you right now. And now you tell me something, is she hot? [Kevin gets up to join the "hot" team to their great joy] Does that end the debate? Don't put that. [granddaughter Prince erases and corrects answer] Ladies, are we prepared to let the Kevins of the world decide anything for us? Anything at all? We don't even give him full internet access. Okay, it is time for the final votes. All of those in favor of resolution Hillary Swank is hot? [half of office raises hand] Okay. And all those opposed? [he skips back and joins other half of office in raising hand] Oh, how did that happen? We found ourselves on the less prepared side of things when Stanley had his... when his heart went berserk. And I knew exactly what to do, but in a much more real sense I had no idea what to do. So I thought we should have CPR training class and of course you can't get the practice dummy unless the instructor comes along with it. Red Cross, you know, racket. It's been 20 seconds. Where are they? You know what? If we come across somebody with no arms or legs do we bother resuscitating them? I mean, what kind of quality of life do we have there? Hellloo... [beeping speeds up as Michael gets closer] It's not! It's not offensive during a roast! Anything goes! I want you guys to really get crackin on this. I want you to take me down. Don't hold back. I want you to really make fun of anything about me. It could be my race, could be the fact that I'm so fit, or I'm a womanizer... fair game. Whatever. I don't want to write your stuff for you, but I just want it to be good. It's very unusual for Michael not to show up to work. My guess? He's either deeply depressed, or an icicle has snapped off his roof and impaled his brain. He has this terrible habit of standing directly underneath them and staring up at them. And I always say Michael, take two steps back, and stare at the icicle from the side. And he's like no, I like the way they look from standing directly underneath them. Alright Kevin. Enough with the Michael jokes. I think he got it bad enough yesterday. [Kevin is holding two ice cream treats] Two? [enters smiling and waving] Hello, everyone. Oh, ice cream. Nice, Kevin. Looks good. I sold Andy's engagement ring on eBay. Right. Anyways... I just want to make sure Princess Lady is acclimating well. She means more to me than anyone. It could be snacks, or- Wha- Good God! [gasps] Yeah, I know fixed; that ain't fixed. No, now listen. You can't let what you see here, sully your image of them. They are good, decent cats. [all laugh] I gotta go. I'll be back in an hour. Oh, stop that! Oh! [chuckles] [meows like a cat, then hisses] Is she cleaning the cat with her tongue? [Angela licks cat, meows] I have no idea. [high-fives Jim] Oh, yes! Okay, good. So what's it gonna be, Kapoor? No. TV. Oh, look at that. Cupids and hearts. Really shoving our faces in it this year. You doin OK, bud? Yeah, I hear ya. It's been four months since I was with Holly, and she was way hotter then Stacy. So if you think you're hurting... I was stupid, I told him. Oh my God. He made non-refundable deposits on his honeymoons, so he's just knocking them off one at a time. I think today he's hot air ballooning and later he's got a couple's massage. Lynn, follow me, come on in. For you we have one of our top people Kevin Malone. Kevin, come out here show your beautiful self. [after a short pause] So run with the ball! Run with it, Kev. [after another pause] Where you from? Yeah, OK. Well, he only gets better. We should help him out. [Jim and Pam each take a French fry, eat it, and then look toward the bathroom] That does sound cool. I used to go there with my fiance [Lynn is taken aback]. Before she left me [Lynn shows pity]. No, I mean, before I left her [Lynn looks confused]. She left me. [Kevin walks away dejected] Yeah, thank you. [As Phyllis enjoys Bob's meat, Jim and Pam look knowingly into the camera] That's really sweaty. Oh, yeah. [gives Kevin her card] Bye, Kevin. No, you don't. No, it - [sighs] What will be the state of this company if I am the only one coming up with the great ideas? Right? No! No! No! [sighs] You're making it too easy for her. You're just conveying, 'Oh I like you just the way you are.' What power? With all my heart. All I'm saying is that it's a first dates, so just keep a respectful distance. [to Jim] Shush. [to Kevin] Kevin, a playful touch on the arm, or on the back, it can show your interest and it's really romantic. Hi. OK. OK. Oh, nerd alert! Well, perfect, because we have now arrived at Kevin and he has no sexual history. No. No one wants to see that. [both smile at David] Yep. Uh, no, sorry, Michael. No, Kevin, right? We're going to need you to do that during office hours. Well, wouldn't it feel good to tell him that he was incompetent? [Michael has a 'sticky-hand' toy and snags a paper off Jim's desk and then laughs] About a week ago, Michael gave his 2-week notice. And, surprisingly there is a very big difference between Michael trying and Michael not trying. [sighs] Hmm? I'm working on it Kev. It'll be ready soon. Is that what 'soon' means to you? [Bandit is chewing on wires] Bandit, No! No no no! Come on man, let's, let's go. [from behind the upstairs window] What is he doing? It looks like he's saying something. Angela Kevin, you have to help me out I just need a few things then I will be gone. I was going to, I wanted to. But I had to start somewhere. So, we had a personnel change today. Shouldn't effect our day to day. But, until we get a new receptionist I want Kevin on the phones. [phone ringing] You gonna answer that, Kev? Charles is having Kevin cover the phones for a while. How do I say this diplomatically? [pause] I think Kevin is doing exactly as well as anyone might have expected someone like him to perform in a position like that. No. [Andy gets up from his desk] Stay there. Kev, thought we nailed the whole transfer thing earlier. It is transfer, extension, and then transfer again. Here we go. [Meredith's phone rings. Jim and Andy groan.] Hustle! You are m*rder the Nard-dog! You're bad at this too! Just transfer the damn call. Wing. Well you know what my middle name is? Rajani Ghana! And I hate it! I hate it! What have you been doing? Excuse me, can I have your attention, everyone? Here's the deal, everybody, Jim Halpert is very upset and disturbed. I don't know if it was something you did, something you said, a look you gave him, maybe it was nothing at all, but here's the deal, ok? It stops now. Hi. Uh, look it's no secret-- Exactly. Well, Kevin, I guess it is just me and you. Holdin' down the fort. Oh, my God, Kevin. I am still on hold. You were supposed to get the answer from Michael and come back up. This is a no work zone. Please respect the lei. Ugh. There is no cookie, Kevin. Oh, for goodness sakes, Kevin. There's no cookie. There's no cookie. Come on. Come. Rolph is my best friend. We met in a shoe store. I heard him asking for a shoe that could increase his speed and not leave any tracks. Thanks. Bump! I bumped it! Don't set it to yourself! Look who just woke up! [laughs, scores a point on the next play] I've been up for a while. I don't think so. Do you know someone? This isn't radio, though. You know there's a visual component to what we're doing. [sighs] We would love it if you'd hold the camera for us. [motioning to pad of paper with hangman game, spelling out "S_an_ey is chea_in_ _n _eri] That and that are the same letter. No... no. He's holding a pencil. He could be doing a crossword puzzle with that pencil. What's that letter, right there? Same letter here and here. What haven't you guessed? [entering kitchen area] Oh, that smells good. Did you hear about Angela? That's pretty weird. Well, the fact that she is apparently dating an 81-year-old billionaire. Owns a Quizno's on the turnpike. [making a cup of tea in kitchen area] What? So? [laughing] I like tea! Hahaha! I like it a lot! I love tea! WHAT?? Sure, but we should get to the bottom of this. Let's pick a rumor and trace it back to the beginning. Michael... I knew it! Oh, just backing up and turning around. I've been studying Michael for years, and I've condensed what I've learned into this chart-- [pulls out a pie chart] How Michael spends his time. As you can see, we have procrastinating and distracting others, and this tiny sliver here is critical thinking. I made it bigger, so that you could see it. I don't think we registered anywhere. We just want cash. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay. [walks in from shopping, with bags in her hands] What's going on? Exactly! My kid needs shoes! You want to tell him he doesn't get shoes?! [everyone talking to the camera] Just-- Hey, what are you guys doing in here? Why aren't there any beans on this very old, frizzy-haired picture of me? I was just trying to be unbiased. [leaving his office, hurrying to Jim's office] Michael! Believe it or not, Kevin, f*re crackers are in the don't column. No. This is a f*re cr*cker free wedding. What happens in accounting, stays in accounting. You're an idiot. I'm sorry, it's Kevin. I thought it was Gil? Him? Him? I'm sorry. Nice to meet you, Kevin. I'm so sorry. She has a boyfriend. He's out of town. How did Meredith get put at the young people's table? Partay. Room 639. Chicks are gonna be off the hook. Guys, too, Oscar. Like Calvin Klein models. Ok. [Dwight howls] That's not appropriate. [Dwight continues howling] Uncool. Uncool, Dwight. [they both howl] Ok. Ok. Come on. Let's go. [both howl as they exit] It's not a good idea. There's no such thing as a good hairpiece. Oh yeah. What else you got? What else you got? [Kevin rings bell at the front desk] Good morning. How can I help you? You must be Mr. Malone. One moment please. Mr. Malone. Your shoes are gone. No. Destroyed. The bag was opened by our shoe shine and the smell overcame him. I too smelled them and made the choice that they must be thrown away. Incinerated actually. It became a safety issue, sir. I can offer you a complimentary breakfast. Oh... [to Kevin who is bouncing up and down] What are you doing? How long do you take to pee? Anyone have anything they want to trade for a toaster? No. I bought those boat tickets the day I saw that You Tube video. I knew we'd need a back-up plan. The boat was actually Plan C. The church was Plan B and Plan A was marrying her a long, long time ago. Pretty much the day I met her. There is nothing more insulting to a great salesman, than having to listen to a bad salesman. It's like a great basketball player having to listen to a bad basketball player. Okay. Hello Mr. Halpert. I'm calling from the identity theft department at Capital One. We've detected some unusual activity on your credit card. First would you mind verifying your home address? And may I have the last four numbers of your Social Security Number? Well Mr. Halpert. You're obviously not in San Juan Puerto Rico. I'm going to go ahead and put a hold on your card. Very funny sir. We'll get a new card out to you right away. Have a nice day, and thank you! Why would you cancel Jim's credit cards? This constitutes identity fraud. What's that supposed to mean? Why would I love jail? [on phone] Are you kidding me? Listen our credit card has been cancelled and we have to deal with that, and I really can't handle the fact that you're calling us here! Oh I will. I will Kevin. I will make that my top priority. Cool. Okay. [Pam hangs up] Bye. They're back! Yes! I think we should look into that. If you could just speak up louder... Well, for our profit... [on phone] No, no, no, I'll talk to her. I will... No... nobody talks to my baby that way... uh ah... yeah, I'll let you know how it goes. Alright, by pickle. Don't call my mother your lover. You're not, nope. Nope. Not yet! Ok. Uh... No. I haven't finished writing. Did you sneeze it off? That's it. No more. Ok. Who else? Who else? Everybody's getting their chance. It's ok. We're having fun. It's not actually the first time I've been embarrassed by a pond. In high school, the girls volleyball team always used to hrow me into the frozen lake. Four years in a row. Oh... it was freezing. [Jim signals for making to stop] No. No. No. Oh, this is even worse. [Michael begins to lose his cool] Couple weeks ago I went to get a new cellphone and I wanted on of those packages where you have, you know, the friends- the five- the friends and family thing and the guys was like, 'Who are your 5 friends?' and I'm, like, 'Uh... ' I didn't even know I couldn't even think. [realizing he's going downhill] Oh, my God. It was so embarrassing. That was- oh. I don't even have Jan's cell phone number and I hate her! She won't give it to me. I was like, 'Oh, I guess I'm a loser. 'A luh-whooooo a za her'. Too far! God! Thanks a lot, man. Thanks for the advice. Why? Mm... I'm, know what? Maybe we should go easy on Michael, guys. You know, you watch that tape and you're gonna have to stay late for more sensitity training, so... Yes. Put the DVD in. It starts on it's own. Let it - Shh. It's on. Yeah-- Yeah. The rest of the story has been censored due to-- inappropriosity. Hey everybody, he's not in the men's room although the seat was warm so we may have just missed him. It's not a fight. What other outcome could there be? How? He can't h*t back. It's okay guys... I can handle this. Everybody can go home. No, there is a defense for that. Let me demonstrate. Someone att*ck me. Kevin, go! OK, OK. Good. I'll catch you on the flippity flip. Bye. [hangs up phone] He's busy, he'll call me back when he's free. No, I'm just poopin'. You know how I be. OK, here are your character cards. Take one, pass it down. Here is your prop box, some of your characters will have props. Now, on your character card, it tells you who you are, and what your alibi is. Everything else is up to your imagination. So, if you talk slowly in real life, your character could, say, have been kicked in the head by a horse. Well, you do actually. You've got this kinda like Florida Panhandle thing going, whereas what you really want is more of a Savannah accent, which is more like molasses just sorta spillin' out of your mouth. Uh, not familiar, what province is he from? I do believe that the game is a big h*t. People are really diving into their characters. I know she didn't do it. It's never the person you most suspect. It's also never the person you least suspect, since anyone with half a brain would suspect them the most. Therefore I know the k*ller to be Phyllis, AKA Beatrix Bourbon, the person I most medium suspect. Yeah, my boudoir's always open. OK, so Corporate is still in their meeting. Alright guys, it's a work day and you guys work here, so let's go do some work. The twirl sucks. He said limousine, so... Who here heard it from Ryan? Yes. Hey, so Jim thought it would be ideal if we all pitched in- So Jim thought it would be ideal if we all pitched in a 20 for this whole Employee of the Month thing. He thought you were doing an incredible job last month. You seem suprised. Okay, wait, I was not... I did not- Okay. That is me, but I didn't order the cake. Yeah! No it's not, not like penis-wise. [as Santa] Hello little boy, what's your name? Oh! I am so sorry that Phyllis hates you. And hates your body. But, Santa remembers a reindeer that was just a tiny bit different as well. Right now! Come on over here, big boy! There we go. [Kevin sits on his lap. It's a struggle] Oh my God. What would you like for Christmas little boy? What did you think was going to happen? All right, just say "some toys" please. Damn it Kevin, come on. Okay get off, get off! [pushes Kevin off] Oh! Oh, God! Okay you know what you get? You get a thousand helium balloons attached to you so Santa doesn't have to go through this again. No no no wait! No! There are other choices, there is information that we --[Dwight counts the raised hands] Are you kidding me? Kevin? After you almost k*lled me? [on microphone] Yeah, except for cheating on your wife. Adultery's a sin, look it up in the Bible people. What'd you get? Thanks man! [awkwardly tries to hug Ryan, pats him on the back] [as Eric is being escorted out by Michael and Toby] Thank you, so much. Hope to see you soon. Here's my toast. Orange juice is in here. And, like Saber, it is from Florida, and it is good. This is Accounting. [as Andy is passing her a card] No, no! Hey! [to Angela, who's having a hard time deciding on a chair] Just choosing seats, not getting married. Chop, chop little onion! [on phone] It will be a pleasure doing business with you. Thanks, bye. [hangs up phone, blows train whistle] I just got a new account for the gentleman's club in Carbondale. It is called "Curves." I went by there the other day, saw some of the women walking in. Not really my cup of tea. Actually, Kevin, you might like it! Kevin, you're such a gourmand. Hmm. Pregnant Pam and I, we get hungry at the same times, so we've been eating together a lot. Not all meals. Just second breakfast, lunch, second lunch, and first dinner. Mmmm, that sounds great. What are you thinking? [as Pam has another contraction] Where are we? We have every six minutes, ladies and gentlemen. Another seventy five contractions and you are going to be there. Okay, nobody touch Pam's nipples. Think of Pam's nipples as Toby's grundle. Okay, the opposite of that? There is no rush to get to the hospital. I am fine. I'll get there. And if I don't get there, I don't get there. I'm scared, too. Oh, boy! ... What's that sound? I would like you to meet your new boyfriend. I don't know what to say. Okay, hold on. Whoa, whoa, whoa. You got to let the cookies cool before you pop 'em in your mouth. Why don't you guys get to know each other? Maybe have lunch together? Good! Sure. Kevin, please leave. Just don't let him sit on you... I'm kidding. You'll have fun. It'll be good. It'll be good. There he is. Go to him. Hi. Did you grow up around here? So, you must have grown up around somewhere else? Hey. I have really enjoyed our time together. I want to continue working on our friendship. Because I think our friendship could be a really cool thing. And, you're my friend. And I hope that I'm your friend... And, maybe... Oh, my God, this is agonizing. Look, Kevin, do you really think that you could have dated Erin? Okay, even if someone told you that, you should know that that could never be possible, Kevin. And I'm surprised that you didn't question me in the first place. No. Lynn was as hot as Erin. Thank you. You know I get way too many ideas from the top. Now I want to hear your ideas. I mean, did you guys know that Liquid Paper? That wasn't invented by some fancy engineer. No, that was created by a lowly typist. No, no, no. That's super-clear-ish. [Exits, closes door, takes off coat.] Nope. Nope. Nope. Nope. Hey! Me and Creed are in. Are you guys in? Kevin! Damnit [runs over to Kevin's desk] Kevin, give me those leads. Where are they? C'mon - Really. [begins to strangle him] Gimme the leads. Where are my leads? Where are they? [stands up and reaches for her buttons] Okey-dokey. [dashes to kitchen, overturns the trash can, tastes the bin liner] Clean sack. Wait. What day is today? Way to go, guys. This was an integrity move. It is not that. Kevin! Oh! Hey, how are you? Aw! Yeah! Waaah! [starts to make crying baby noises] Maybe. Okay, we have to get home. [Kevin's voice] What's the difference between a chimichanga, [Kevin arrives behind the group] a chalupa, and a tostada? Call me back ASAP. It's urgent. Say "Me eat cookie." [sitting at kitchen table with Darryl] Have a cookie, Kev. I brought those in. It's my birthday. That's some stone-cold narcissism right there. [as Cookie Monster] Yum, Yum, Yum, Yum, Yum, Yum. They're making fun of Cookie Monster. I get that. But in a strange way, it feels like they're making fun of me. This is violent and offensive. It's awful. [reaches for tissue box, hands it to Kevin] You have some food on your face. Hello, everyone. If I might have a moment of your time. It's come to my attention that people have been watching and laughing at a hurtful parody video. It is now forbidden to talk, joke about, or e-mail this around. I should probably get involved in this, but I think my energy is better spent on the Cookie Monster issue. Thanks. I don't want to hear it. Suspended. Alright. "I have to go back to the zoo to the stick insect exhibit." Hey Kevin it's Oscar. I'm looking at the sheet you sent me. And I can't seem to find the column for shipping cost. Yeah. "I vant to count to ten". That would have been funny. [walking up] Oh, oh, I was just watching that. Did you do that, man? "Oscar. I am the Count." Nailed him. Nailed him. [Gives Kevin a fist pump] Good work Cookie Monster. [indistinct chatter inside conference room] Maybe she's just pushing her breasts together to make them look bigger. If she is, it's working. I can't stop myself from kissing her. Well, why don't you just move the M&M's? Okay. What do you think? Oh, what's that out there? Really?! Oh, that's great. That's such good news. I did it! [all look at him] I kissed. We kissed. Oh, thank you. It's reversible, I think. [everyone laughs] Oh! Oh wow, are those Eagles' flavors? Cake it to the Limit. That's my favorite! I love that! Too much for me to have by myself. Anybody wanna share? You talked to the man whose wife you're having an affair with. I'm awful, aren't I? I am what I am, Oscar. And I want what I want. And right now, I want a piece of cake. From now on, when I'm hungry, I am going to eat whatever I am hungry for. Okay. [Phyllis avoids looking at Michael] Phyllis. Okay. Look at me. [continues to look away] Phyllis, look at-- [Phyllis turns to leave] okay, that's... [chases after her] All right, all right. You know what? I'm sick of this. I'm sick of the little disapproving head shakes. If you think that's going to have any effect on me, it will not. I am going to leave right now and go to a motel to meet Donna. 'Course you all, no doubt, know why I'm here. Turns out our printers are famous. They're all over the news. It's an interesting story. Cheap foreign printers attacking innocent Americans. Well, actually the, the real story isn't quite as racy, but uh... let's give it a go. I'm not sure you do, teddy bear. You're with Big Brother? Okay, go ahead. I got nothing to hide. Yeah. [Kevin runs to his desk] I already got to yours, Kevin. [Kevin runs back] Holly Flax from the Nashua branch. Best HR rep that Dunder Mifflin has ever seen. It's not been a blockbuster year for me financially. My Blockbuster stock is down. Look, I didn't want houses and schools to burn down, and children to die. Does that make me a hero? I...