It happened this morning in the parking lot. I took her to the hospital, and the doctors tried to save her life. They did the best that they could... And she is going to be OK. Yaaaaaay, Pam! Alright, since I am the boss I will drive as well. Who wants g*n? Yeah. Thank you for the permission. Psych! Alright let's just go around the room, and tell me what you believe in. A woman shouldn't have to be h*t by a car, to learn that she may have rabies. But that is where we are in America. And that does not sit right with me. And that is why I'm hosting a fun run race for the cure for rabies. To raise awareness of the fact that there is a cure for rabies. A disease that has largely been eradicated in the US. But not very many people know that. Hi Stanley, how many sponsors so far? I am fast! I'm very fast! I'm like Forrest Gump, except I am not an idiot. [Creed, Stanley, and Oscar get into a cab] Thanks. More or less. Wait, uh, how do you touch just one of these buttons at a time? Did you even try? I can't see half of the things. [adjusts glasses] OK. We're gonna split up into teams. Jim, Phyllis. Stanley, Dwight. Me Andy. I'll go with you Stanley. No. It doesn't. I'll find out tonight. Stanley, you're dancing! Ohhh, what? Oh I think I faked Oscar out. Good news. No, you don't even know what stupid is. It's about to get all stupid up in here. Stanley, could you look up "accomplices"? Because we're looking up jail time. ...Stanley? [Spanish accent] Senor, are you happy with your--- [speaking with a different voice] Have you--- Have you considered satellite television? Michael, I know that's you. I know your voice. Why are you calling me here at home? [Michael hands up] Well it sounds right, but is it? Ryan used me an object. He's always been terrible with money. I totally agree with you. But I don't have money problems, I don't. Alright, you know what? Watch this, if I had money problems, would I do this? [Michael holds up a bill, crumples it up, puts it back in his pocket]Oscar and Now this gentleman right here is the key to our urban vibe. Well, sometimes. Most of the time I will be with Ryan, or Darryl. [knock on the door] Yes? Oh good, good Stanley! First victim, this is what I want you to do. Go out, come back in. We're going to hide. I want you to tell me if this looks like me, okay? Just go out, and come back in. Okay, smarty pants, then why? Why is she trying to take Stanley from us? How can I get you to stay? Yeah we all want money. But there is none in the budget, so... Tell me why you're really leaving. Mo money mo problems, Stanley. You of all people should know that. Let me ask you this, if I were- So, Stanley, are you really outta here? middle aged black man with sass. Big butt, bigger heart. [knock on the door] I can't do this. Of course. Really? Yeah, I work hard all day. I like knowing that there's going to be a break. Most days I just sit and wait for the break. Why don't you just have an apple? Oh you can't because I don't care. Listen, [Kevin and Andy high five as they leave Michael's office] don't forget to fill out those cards. My love cards. This is a temporary measure to increase the legitimacy of the site. I hear you Stanley, that is a great observation. Problems like that will not happen when we launch Dunder Mifflin Infinity 2 point O. Nice job everybody. Great work. You can't, I locked the office from the inside when we left. An urban, yeah, Stanley? You wanna help us out with that?... Stanley, earth to Stanley... Yes you. Come on, Stanley, put your little game down and join the group. Stanley, we're havin a little... We're havin a little brainstorm session... Yeah. All right! I, uh, see that you... gave me that form that I asked you to give me, Stanley the manly, so thank you for that. I guess we are back to normal. Well, you know, uh, the thing that you said earlier, that you didn't mean, um, and that I forgive you for. The whole thing's silly, isn't it? Friends don't need to apologize to friends as far as I'm concerned, so we are cool. I am not going to apologize to you. Stanley Hudson, you are fired. I am serious, we are all serious. You are fired like a heart att*ck. Hmm. Alright alright, okay, you know what? Now you know how I feel. This was a fake f*ring. Lesson learned. Good work, everybody. Very nice. That's it. And uh... do you have anything to say to me? Okay... Yes. That's not- All right, all right... Okay. [starts to cry] I don't understand why you keep picking on me. You just, do, and I don't know why, so... please help me understand. Well Stanley, maybe you're feeling that you don't respect me because you don't know me very well. All right, you don't respect me. I accept that. But listen to me, you can't talk to me that way in this office, you just can't. I am your boss. Can't allow it. So I'm thinking, as a reward for our loyal clients, that we contact their assistants, and we find out where they live. And then, we go to their houses, in the middle of the summer, and go caroling. It is a summer Christmas sale-abration. And we call it, a summer sales-a-lot. Feedback? Anybody? Stanley? Hey, Stanley... Good luck. Ten dollars. What should we do with all these leftovers? I can bring these to my shelter. OK. [holds elevator] Stanley, come on. Oh, I forgot something in my car. I'll see you guys up there. [takes the stairs after the elevator doors close] I was on an IV for two days at the hospital. Stanley, Michael's not here. You can eat a slice of your birthday cake. Why not, dawg? Nonono, no, no, I don't want to hear moaning. This is a good day. You guys accomplished something big. You lost a ton of weight, literally. A lot of weight. And I don't care what any stupid scale says. You guys are all gigantic losers. Yes, it's called time theft, and it's the same as taking money from the company. Can anyone think of examples of things that are over the line time wasters? Ok, everybody listen up. If you are not in that conference room in two minutes I am going to k*ll you. I don't care what she's doing. I just hope she keeps doing it. Of course. Yeah. Ugh. All right, all right, all right, all right, all right! Here we go. All right, big ticket item. [cheering] All right, in my pocket, I have... two tickets... to Mr. Bruce Springsteen, front... Oh, where are those? Has anyone seen an envelope with Bruce Springsteen front row tickets and backstage passes? Anybody seen something like-lying around? [outside men's room] You might be interested- [stops when he sees Stanley come out] On more week. [chuckles] Dwight, stop it. Come on. Okay. Okay, good suggestions. All good suggestions. Uh, let's just decide and agree upon one. Oh, well, chivalry is not dead after all. Okay... This is so, so stupid. And, God... [looks at his watch] that's my phone. [groans in frustration] You think it's easy? Really? If I can skin a mule deer in less than ten minutes, I ought to be able to cut my -- [sets briefcase on desk and sits in chair, desk and chair are made of paper, Dwight crashes to the floor] I'm sorry. It's the largest one I have. Okay you know, this-- this is over. That's a halwa shabkia cookie. They serve it during Ramadan. [Angela spits her cookie out] I want another try. Here we go! [Michael runs past the radar as a car passes] Thirty-one! Thirty-one! Oh my God! Dwight, get out of here! You've got no taste Stanley Hudson. What are you guys talking about? The debate is whether she is hot. Yeah, save your heart for love, and use your brain for business, right? If we don't do this to prince paper, someone else will. Worse yet, someone else will do it to us. Oh! I forgot my purse. [throws the projector out the window] Help!! Help!! Shhh! Don't excite him. Don't make him excitable. [whispering] Welcome back, Stanley. Thank you, Michael. It's true. Around this office, in the past, I have been a little abrupt with people... [flashback] Not maybe. Yes or no. [flashback] No way. Uh-uh. [flashback] Are you from another planet? [flashback] Boy, have you lost your mind? 'Cause I'll help you find it. [flashback] Did I stutter? [flashback] I'm done. Goodbye. [in a British accent] A throne for your highness. No, no, no. No debate. You are going to sit in that wheelchair until you are back on your feet. You know who I really think should go? Stanley. No rest for the sick. We are not always going to be there to coddle your heart back when it disappears to be working. What are you gonna do if you're by yourself and your heart stops? And you're okay with that? Uh-uh. No, no, no. Come on. Get up. Let's do this. We search for the organs. Where's the heart? The precious heart. Oh my God! [Dwight has cut the face off the CPR dummy and put it over his own] Clarice? Too expensive. Racism is dead Stanley, you can have any kind of ice cream you want. What do you want? [beeping starts] What is that? People! Please I told you to get rid of the cell phones. Oh, ok. What is that, like, a video game? You have stress? No no, I'll help you. I'll help you up. Here we go. Let me getcha. Ok, alright. Ok. [beeping slows down] Oh, this is a nice office. Brought you guys some coffees. Stanley, I know you have adult onset diabetes. So I put Splenda in yours. Let's see. How many did I put in there? [starts singing to the tune of Feist's 1234] One, Two, Three, Four Splenda's in your coffee, Stanley. None in yours, Julia, cause I don't know how you take it. But if you'd rather... Well, No, I actually only put in two. But that's not how the songs goes. Are you out of your damn mind? You bring an angel like that into this office, and you don't even set me up with her. We are friends. Stanley, we're friends. And you let me down. Yeah. I really like her with all my heart. Old hatreds dissolve into new friendships. It's a really wonderful moment. You've been making that sign, for something that we could just announce to the whole office? Hey everybody, the party's now at 3! No, watching TV at work is really cool. Four months ago, I dated a woman named Holly and, um, this is actually the first time that I've even considered getting back into that arena again. You know what, sometimes it's not about whether Cinderella gets her slipper back, but it's about the fact that the prince even picked up the slipper at all. There's a lot of princesses out there. You know, they have all different sizes and shapes of feet and hands so I think, I think my odds are pretty good. Of course. [noticing Stanley's arm] That's weird. You got a cotton ball and tape and we've been using Band-A*DS. OK, don't get that. Please? [Pam gets up to answer her phone] But the goal is to, you know, fight our way through this. Is that we are cutting three percent across the board, which means we will no longer be matching 401k contributions. All overtime requests will need to come through the corporate office. I looked at Wallace and I said "I quit!" and as I turned to leave I looked back and I said "You have no idea how high I can fly." [slightly drunk] What am I gonna do? I'll tell ya what I'm gonna do. I gonna do a little bit of this, a little bit of that. I gonna stay up all day. Gonna sleep it up all night. I'm gonna give it a OHH! HEY! HO! And I'm going to stop worrying about calories. [from inside the restroom] Stanley? Listen, Listen, Stanley. You don't have to answer me now. Just... I want you to think about it, I'm starting my own company. Oh-okay, you're not letting me finish, and you just lost out on a million dollars. Also, there has been too much wasted time. So Stanley. [running to the phone] Just... don't answer that call! I never see him drink. I never see him eat. I know. Yes I do. Oh yeah? Oh hey! Stanley, Phyllis. Come on in. Welcome, welcome. Let me give you the tour. Thank you. You remember Ryan [Stanley laughs deeply] And Pam is around here somewhere. What for? If you'd like to reach an outside line, please dial nine first. [Michael sighs, hangs up phone] In the last month we have lost ten major clients to Michael Scott. Wait, what? Fresh hot ink. Trust me, Stanley, you're going to want to read this memo very carefully. Stanley, how do you feel about those two taking your clients? I had a salmon salad. With water, no ice. I was going to get a soda, but the waiter talked me out of it. Her name was Flo, she had black hair. Stop flustering me, everybody! Me. I love it. I love this idea, and I fully support you. As a matter of fact, I'm going to give you some seed money. [throws money at Phyllis] There you go. There's some seed money for you. And you can take it, no hard feelings. But if you stay, I want an apology, and I want a big one. Michael, you thought you were attacking corporate, but we were the ones who got hurt. You should be apologizing to us. So from the bottom of my heart to the top of my heart, I am sorry. If we could just focus and go down the line, and everyone would say, "apology accepted", I think we would all feel better. And then we can break out my gift to you--complimentary white chocolate bark. Okay. If I give you your clients back there won't be enough clients for Ryan and Pam, and I promised both of them they were gonna be salespeople. Ok. Phyllis did injure herself. But she injured herself having fun and I don't think she would trade that memory for anything. [Phyllis can be heard screaming in the backgroud] Oh, Lord in heaven. Yes! [opening blinds as Stanley walks past] Hey, Stanley! Where you goin', big guy? Up to no good? No, no, no, no. I just had a quick question for you. I'm casting a movie and I'm looking for a woman who can dance, beautiful woman. Do you know anybody? [in parking lot, blocking path of Stanley's car] Stop. Hold up, hold up, hold up! No, no, no. Time to stop being polite and get real. [Stanley honks horn repeatedly] Stanley, are you having an affair? So It's not true. Okay, well... ahhh, those interns, they told me they saw you at a club, and they all said it was you, it was clearly just... racial profiling gossip. [nodding] So stupid! I know, I know. Oh, I bet. Wait, hold, hold, hold... so it IS true? Oh my God! Wait a second, do people often say they're going on sales calls and then go someplace else? 'Cause that's not cool. [muttering] I'm not saying... a damn thing. [looking afraid] You can count on me. Michael, why? Why say all these things? Why make up an eating disorder, Stanley's affair, me being a spokesdog... You got it. Everybody, David Wallace and I have talked and we have decided to promote Jim to the position of co-manager. Mmm, sure, but could I first talk to you in my office? Stanley? What are you talking about Michael? When Mary was denied a room at the inn... Jesus was born. When Michael was denied a room at the inn, we don't know what happens because that story hasn't been told yet. Hey. Stanley? Can I stay in your room tonight? Not in the same bed. In the other bed. You... are... kidding me. [stands up and walks away] I already have my European girlfriend. Whoa, whoa. Wait a minute. What is the etiquette on taking the gifts? Can you only take your own back or is it a whatever you can carry type of thing? Oh, oh, does it have slots for hot dogs? Yeah, yeah, yeah-okay... you're a jackass. [to Pam] Hey, hey, you know what? You're just as stubborn as your mother, when you don't wanna do something you just don't do it. Ok. Thank you. [whispers to Erin] I'm gonna k*ll you. Thank you, Stanley. Good morning everybody. Who would like an authentic New York bagel? Hmmm? Stanley? No, no, that doesn't make any sense. August the 5th, 1955. It's a sad day down here in Savannah. Local magnate Bill Bourbon was k*lled last night and all y'all have congregated tonight for a meal to celebrate Bill as he passes on to his great reward. You're not just here to pay your respects, you have to figure out which of y'all is the no-count scoundrel who k*lled him. There will be food. You leave, you do not get food. Sandwich platters. Conference room everyone. No. Recyclops destroys! [starts tearing through the office] Yes. I care about them and I'm just as much of a boss as Michael. [Stanley laughs] What's so funny? I'm a co-manager. Ryan. What's "Scott's Tots?" Has it really been ten years? Like the spirit of Christmas! What else does it look like? Well I don't have all the pieces yet. Ho ho ho! For Stanley! Ho ho ho! You've been very good this year - It's not... Nevermind. Nothing. [arguing voices] Hello, Stanley.Fake You know what can't fit in a bottle, are the 20 little trips I take to the cooler, and the 20 little scans I do of everybody to make sure everything's running smoothly. And the 20 little conversations that I have with Stanley. Yes! Can anyone do those? [entering the elevator] Here we go! Here we go! On our way! I am offering up my services to you all. You saw what I did with Pam and Jim. I can help you, too. Hey! [speaking at a staff meeting] First up, the lost and found has gone missing. It itself is lost, so please, try not to lose anything until we find it. Ah, pet day. If you don't have a pet, please don't feel like - Alright! Alright. Then I guess I should give them out. Hold on. You know what I'm thinking? I'm thinking that I have something that you want. You guys are acting like you own this place. And you don't. Not even Sabre owns this place. It's a rental. I'm kind of sick of the attitude around here. I'm sick of the cocky walk, I am sick of you throwing your paycheck in my face, I am sick of your uppity attitude, Jim... I think I am not going to give these to you. [Angela, Kevin and Oscar applaud] - and to King Meredith! [hands her a lead] It's my - Why? Because I am not going to call Sabre and say, 'Hi, you know those very valuable expensive leads that you gave us earlier today? Well, because of a screw-up by a staff member, they're now in the city dump." She's wearing a onesie [holds out his cell phone, Oscar leans in but Kelly grabs his arm] I guess we could give them some of our new commissions. Yes! We do. [opens box] Eclairs. Our treats, Stanley, they've accepted our simple offer of treats. Nothing more. [drives into office parking lot, honking horn. Enormous purple object strapped to the roof of their car] Woo hoo! You okay? You okay, Stanley? What I'm offering is a ticket on a b*llet train straight to middle management. Yes. Who enjoys the weekends? [all raise hands] Of course. Now the weekend is always great if you have someone, which I do. I have Donna. She is hot. She has a Pilates butt. But we need to find something to do this weekend beside have sex. Did I say that? Yes, I did. [all nod] And the reason you are here is that I need ideas for things that Donna and I could do on the weekend. So just shout it out. Okay. Of course. Yeah, that's terrible. Okay, let me get back to you. Hey, Stanley. One of my clients just called and said that their Sabre printer started smoking and caught on f*re. I don't know. Because a motel is dirty and it is sexy. Like me. And like Donna. And frankly, the stuff that we're into isn't very condo-appropriate. All right. Uh, Stan, you're up. Oh yeah, it's just that my friends are in the car waiting, so I thought I would...