05x00 - Kevin's Loan Webisodes 1-4QuotePostbybunniefuu»08/03/08 13:47[ Kevin's Loan, Webisode 01 - "Money Trouble" ]Kevin: Hey OscarOscar: Yeah?Kevin: When you get a loan, you don't have to use it for exactly what you say you're gonna, right?Oscar: Yes, you do.Kevin: No, but, I mean, once the bank gives you the money it is your money. You can use it for whatever you want, right?Oscar: No, Kevin that would be fraud.Oscar: Every few weeks we have the same conversation. "Oscar" "Yeah?" "Can I pawn off stuff from the office and sell it on eBay?" "Umm no, Kevin, you can't." "Can I say I was an astronaut and sell the movie rights?" What do you think Kevin? "Can I sell time shares of my garage?" "Can I rent out my mom's car when she's in Florida?" "Can I be the heir of uh ...and and inherit lots of money?" What is he talking about?Kevin: Let's say you tell the bank that you're going to open up an ice cream store but instead you buy an ice cream cart? Technically you are still selling ice cream.Oscar: I know you have gambling debts.Kevin: Gambling debts? What?Oscar: Promise me you will not take out a small business loan and use that money to pay off your bookie.Kevin: What's a bookie? I don't even know what you're talking about. You are weird. You are a really weird dude, Oscar.Kevin: Okay, Malone's cones. This is going to be awesome. [Kevin almost trips on the sidewalk][ Kevin's Loan, Webisode 02 - "Malone's Cones" ]Bank employee: So, uh, this would be a loan for an ice cream store? Like Baskin Robbins?Kevin: We will be selling ice cream.Bank employee: Well I would hope so.Kevin: The business will have a mobile component.Bank employee: Yeah, I see you've underlined that several times here. Uh, what does that mean, you'll deliver?Kevin: In a way.Bank employee: Okay, so other than delivery and the rhyming name what are we looking at exactly?Kevin: We have flavors. [hands over a flavor menu to the banker]Bank employee: Flavors, okay Fudge the Magic Dragon. What are the ingredients of that?Kevin: Um, ice cream?Bank employee: And you would make the ice cream yourself?Kevin: We would buy the ice cream in a store. Or we would make it our self.Bank employee: Do you know how to make ice cream?Kevin: No.Bank employee: I'll be honest this stuff's going in the recycling so... if he's lucky we'll shred it first to protect his social security number.Bank employee: I have a lot questions.Kevin: I have a lot questions for you too.Bank employee: Really? What kind of questions?Kevin: If you grant me this loan about how long will it take for me to have cash in hand?Bank employee: Not something you're going to have to worry about.Kevin: Niiice.[ Kevin's Loan, Webisode 03 - "Exposed Wires" ]Darryl: We got exposed wires up there. You can actually hear them sparking, okay? I said "Gimme a budget for repairs," they said "Fix it yourself." And we got metal beams touching metal shelves. First rainstorm it's gonna be a warehouse full of dead people up in here. [Kevin sneaks through warehouse and out the back door] What the hell?Bookie: So do you have it?Kevin: I've got it.Bookie: Let's go. [opens envelope] Kevin this is just paper.Kevin: Oh my God I think we've been the target of a sting operation.Bookie: Come on Kevin, where's the money?Kevin: Are you wearing a wire?Bookie: Come on, stop playing games. Get me the money.Kevin: Please do not hurt me.Bookie: I'm not going to hurt you. Do I look like I would hurt you? This is a terrible situation you got me into.Kevin: I'm sorry just don't be mad at me.Bookie: I'm not going to be mad if you give me the money! Come on man! You have a nice new car, Kevin. Look at my car, it's so old.Darryl: Hey! [Darryl walks out]Bookie: Get it okay? Look at this car! [gets in car and drives away]Kevin: That little dude may hurt me if I don't get that bank loan.Darryl: Bank loan? What's your business plan?Kevin: I'm gonna sell ice cream out of a cart.Darryl: That's mad solid but, uh, you're never gonna get that loan.Kevin: Why not?Darryl: Cause, you're a nervous sweaty looking man, you know? You project failure.Kevin: [nods] I know.Darryl: Come into my warehouse, we'll talk.Darryl: I get a hundred up front plus another five-hundred more once I score the loan. Any other nervous sweaty people having money trouble, you know who to call.[ Kevin's Loan, Webisode 04 - "Taste the Ice Cream" ]Kevin: We need a secret signal that lets me know if I'm talking too much.Darryl: If you hear words coming out of your mouth... that's your signal.Loan Officer: [female Loan Officer comes in] Hi. Thanks for waiting. [sits at desk] So, Malone's Cones, sounds delicious.Darryl: So you enjoy ice cream.Loan Officer: Oh yeah, maybe a little too much.Darryl: I can tell by your perfume you are a woman of distinction.Kevin: You have a great... vest.Darryl: Indeed you do have a vest of very high quality.Loan Officer: Oh well thank you.Darryl: I want you to experience something now. Taste the ice cream.Kevin: Strawberry.Loan Officer: Mmm, it tastes like Breyers.Brad: [walks in] Hi, I'm sorry. We've already passed on this application.Kevin: Hi Brad, how how are you? Great to see you again.Brad: Mr. Malone.Darryl: Hi, I don't believe we've met.Brad: This is the ice cream franchise? Yeah, we're not interested.Darryl: Before you say another word, I want you to taste the ice cream.Brad: I'd rather not.Darryl: Look if you taste this and turn us down like a man, cool... we walk out of here like none of this ever happened.Brad: Can I ask you something? Did you make that or buy it from the store?Kevin: Oh boy... [Kevin stands and drops his briefcase, papers spill everywhere, he makes a mess trying to clean them up] Sorry, don't. Abort, abort. Brad.Darryl: Its cool we don't even need y'all. I sure my man has a back up plan.Kevin: [outside the office with a cart, ringing a bell] Ice cream! Goooood ice cream! Oscar.Oscar: You got the loan?Kevin: No, I decided I would pay off my debts by selling ice cream.Oscar: Good luck.Stanley: How much for one?Kevin: Ten dollars.Stanley: Goodbye.Kevin: Ice cream! Gooooood ice cream!