It didn't come up organically. [to a client] ...to accommodate the, uh, suppliers. [Seeing Michael and Dwight] Gentlemen! Nice to see you, it'll be just a moment. If you could show them into Conference Room B. [to client again] The pharmaceutical aspects should be able to... It's nice to see you doing so well. Bringing home the bacon. I don't understand the reference. We had to come over right away, it's urgent. Michael has something to tell you. [Michael shushes him] He hasn't changed. Am I the kind of person to misremember our relationship as more than it ever was? What? It's normal! Big deal! Yeah sure it has some herpes on it, but you know what? It's just as normal as anyone else's. Well, there was a little bit of a learning curve in the conversation department, but between the sheets we were like Jordan and Pippin! Because we work together. Am I the princess? Mommy! It was cool. What did I learn? He cut the part where my circuit board malfunctioned! What was the point of spilling the drink on me? [walking into the Funky Cat] Bingo. He finished his movie? [frantically trying to open her car door, as if trying to get away from the camera crew] No kidding. Wow, that's great. Yeah that's good for him. [pulls out a recording device from his pocket and clicks it on] Jan used to be one of my superiors, and she is one of the most erratic and terrifying people I have ever met.[scene from Dinner Party, Season 4 and The Job Season 3] Forget everything we taught you. Hey, Jan! It's so great to see you. What? Sorry. Um, David is in Vermont. Did you speak with him? He sent Dwight instead. Oh, my God. Um, I talked to his assistant. And I guess it did get a little confusing ‘cause you said not to tell anyone your name. And then also, those bluetooths are very hard to hear with. I know you love the way they look, but Tom never had us use them... I'm so sorry Jan. Listening. Sorry. So this was all just a trick. You don't really have any business to give? But not to us. What? Yeah. Yeah. Um, do you have any other pictures of Astrid? [chuckles] Wow. Your voice is as lovely as ever. And it is so cute how she signs her name. Oh, okay. It's just that's how Cece does it with the backwards ‘E's. Oh, actually she can. Of course. Um... "A"... "X"? I don't -- you got me. Mm. Excuse me. Could I get some more water? You're the Quizno's. [chuckles] Jan, may I introduce to you your own personal Dunder Mifflin liaison, devoted to servicing this account with total client satisfaction. I sensed that Molly wasn't quite meeting your needs -- nothing like, uh, your old assistant... Hunter. Was that his name? Hmm? He's been growing that mustache for weeks. Best he can do... So young. Very good. Don't you dare! Andy! Hey, Jan. Nard dog here. I was just looking over the paperwork. I found a little hiccup. Yeah. It appears my employee offered you a price that he was not authorized to. [whispers] Coolio. No. No, no, no Jan I think you misunderstood. It, it's, it's actually just an issue... Jan, I don't know what he's talking about but...