No, I know they fit. It's not about the fit. Those overnight packages needed to go out, and Michael refuses to hold the guilty party accountable. You don't have all the facts. I love him. No. No. He's my nephew. Well, this office is my pool. And my house is my house. And I just want my nephew to work in my pool. I will cover his ass like moss on a Mississippi tree stump. [listening to and editing Jo's book on tape] Gabe Lewis. Well, Jo-- [opens door to Gabe's office] All right, good night, Gabe. Just wanted to say thanks again. [Gabe motions that he's on the phone] 'Cause I really think I made good use of my day, oh! Sorry. [after entering the men's room] What the [bleep] is that? [runs out of the bathroom] Oh, my... Hello, Jo. Welcome. Well, shall we begin? Well, I don't know about that. Just wasn't for me. But let me assure you, Dwight is f*ring on all cylinders. Right? Don't eat it. Jo... I accidentally fired a g*n in the office today. I am telling you this because I care too much about this job to be blackmailed into doing it poorly. All I've ever wanted was to be manager here. And if you feel that you cannot promote me over this one accident, I understand. But if you think that extortion is worse - It was a Beaumont-Adams, if that helps. I take full responsibility. Okay. Did I make a mistake? Yes. Do I regret the decision that I made? Yes. Got it. [on the verge of tears] Jo, please... I will - No, child. No. It's over. Now I gotta find a replacement for my replacement. Yep. Uh, well, we probably don't want to go just on seniority. Little advice? Take a day off from the whole Jim schtick. Try caring about something. You might like how it feels... James. [closes his office door, leaving Jim alone in the break room] All right. No, was it good? Yes, thanks to you, who promoted me, after we, uh, interfaced. Paper material, ma'am. [clears throat] Jo, may I speak to you for a second? Ha ha ha! Ha ha ha! Ohh, I enjoy laughing at my mistakes, because I've learned so much from them. I'd like to be interviewed for the position. Okay. It's complicated. Excuse me, Ms. Bennett, may I have a word? Uh,... can it be in private? [to Gabe] Don't worry, it's not about you. [Gabe smiles and leaves] As Minority Executive, I think it's my responsibility to let you know that Gabe is gross. I don't think it's professional that he was sleeping with the receptionist, and then when Erin dumped him, so that she could be with Andy, he became a total crazy stalker psycho. [knocks and enters] Jo, you have one more candidate. He's a burn victim. [motions toward her face] He's all messed up. I can tell him to get lost if you want. Oh, that's my mistake, sorry about that. The last paper company you worked for b*rned to the ground? And all because they wouldn't hire a manager who lived and breathed paper? That's a travesty. Very unprofessional, "Jacques." Or, should I say, Dwight. I would have dressed this way every day, legally changed my name, learned French sign language, shown up, and been the best damn branch manager you'd ever seen! Yes. This guy was good. Although, he did keep saying that he needed two weeks off right at the beginning for a trip to the finger lakes. Seriously. Every five minutes, he was like, "just making sure the finger lakes thing is clear." Finger Lakes guy is good. Darryl is also very good. How much time do you have? Sales ability? None. Integrity? See sales ability. [makes a "zero" hand gesture] Yes, it is. Oh, Jo. Jo, I'm disappointed in you. Some people let personal things into the workpl-. Is she with him? Because I thought that she was... That sounds like a promotion! Um... why Kelly? Okay. Oh, I didn't know you knew her? No. You know, she also gave me a reason to think that maybe she wasn't a good fit.