I'm Just the Girl Next Door is our best song ever. Your voice just keeps getting better. It's the economy. Oh. It was so much fun being famous, everyone hearing my name. Oh good. [on phone] Okay, your level of hysteria makes me think maybe you're not in charge. Is there a supervisor I can... oh. I was making a horror movie. But the retirement home won't let me use any of their old people. They wouldn't even let me ask. No. Okay, you're not my girlfriend. We're linked. [singing] We've got our outlet. We've got our outlet. [screams then cries] [voiceover] She assumed it was just another typical day at work. [with accent] I would like to buy some paper, but I haven't any money. I give you curse! May the spirits of the serial K*llers of the past combine forces and haunt the third floor for all eternity! Ha! Ha! Ha! [screams] [growling] [screams] Oh no, it's you, the m*rder corpse! [crying] No! [grunting] Help! Somebody help me! [screams] No! [yelling] [jumps in front of camera] Wuphf.com! -and you jump in front of them. Dwight Schrute, star salesman, beet farmer, bed-and-breakfast proprietor, aspiring freelance bodyguard. Add to that list owner of this building. Then burn the list. Well, then, why aren't you bugging me to f*re everybody who's bad? You just want me to f*re Luke. That's reverse nepotism. He should not be punished because he is related to me and bad at what he does! Texas justice. I went to the store and I pressed the buzzer, and they looked right at me, and then they looked away. And then I pressed the buzzer again, and they started taking pictures of me on their mobile phones. I guess I'm not the kind of guy that's good enough for precious heirlooms. Wait, wait, wait. That's actually a really good idea Kelly. What did I say? Julia Roberts goes into the store, and she's like," I was in here yesterday and you wouldn't help me." And the shop girl goes, "ok". And Julia Roberts goes," You girls work on commission, right?" And the girl is like,"Yeah", and Julia Roberts goes... No, this is instead of the boycott. Yeah? I liked them. Excuse me, I think you may be in the wrong seats. [Jim and Pam move a few rows back, next to Michael] [whispering to man sitting beside him] His name's Andy. He's a terrible salesman. He'll die. [picks up blowtorch] Why at least? If you're guessing forty six just say forty six. [later in his office, places a band-aid over his cold sore] You know what guys, why don't we just chill out on this herp-chat. Ok? I was an REA in college and I can tell you, number one sexually transmitted disease is ignorance. Yes, unplanned pregnancy. No, Meredith, that's not his actual bicycle, but it is the same exact model he uses. Everyone, may I have your attention? I would like to introduce you to Mr. Danny Cordray. He is going to be joining us as our new traveling salesman. Say hello to Danny! O-kay. You know what? No. No. This is not some sort of construction site...or all of Italy, where you can just go around treating people like meat. We are to respect him. I respect him because he reminds me of somebody. Can anybody guess who that is? No. KELLY! You cannot change costumes in the middle of the day! Pam, she's out. Guys? You're arguing over a one in sixteen chance. Over a prize worth... forty bucks. NEVER! [tosses wig] Okay, you know what? Fine. I'm not Darryl. And thank God I'm not Darryl. Okay, everyone, I've tallied the votes, and the winner... of the costume celebration spectacular... and the Scranton Wilkes-Barre coupon book... Oscar Martinez. I know a lot of us have been feeling under the weather lately. It's that time of year. And according to a study done by the University of Arizona, they've discovered that your keyboards have hundreds of times more bacteria, per square inch, than a toilet seat. For all their generosity of spirit, they password-protect their wireless? Some events are so news worthy, so historic, that you have to stop everything to watch. Balloon Boy, Michael Jackson's funeral. Things that if you didn't see them live, you wouldn't really care that you didn't see them at all. I don't know if Michael likes Gabe that much, but there's this thing on Glee called mash-up, where two things that don't go together, make one great song. Take Gabe, take Michael, you make Gay Mike. Best friends. [reacting to Erin's invitation] No really? Is there time to change this?! That show! Now first they say that Mr. Schu doesn't know anything about choreography, then like three episodes later he's this fantastic choreographer?! Pick a lane people! [to Kelly] Who's that? Who's that? Which one's Glee? [noise on TV, Oscar pauses show] That one! She's been in a couple episodes of Friday Night... Okay... [changes back to Glee] Go to the recorded version. What?! Jim. [Jim gives her the remote] And the winner is, by two votes- [TV goes blank] Please Michael, just make the Glee happen! No, it's not weird, Andy, and you know what else? We have an offer from Washington University. So monetize that. [walks in] Are you guys meeting about WUPHF? You know that that was my idea, right? Baby, Baby, Baby-- No, no, no, no, no. I help you with your things and you help me with my things. Are you trying to k*ll me? Koreans. White. Very comedically humorous Jim. What is it? Alright. Alright I get it. Not if the printer isn't hooked up. You are making some very dangerous assumptions Oscar. He's... he's not smarter than me, he was just right about one thing. My kids are growin up. As a boss, I look at that and say great. It is exactly what a boss would hope would happen because that's what I want. That's what every boss wants is a, is a wonderful Christmas with no drama. We just want to say how grateful we are. Sabre is actively looking for ways to involve me as minority executive trainee. So I suggested choosing the annual Christmas gift to the employees. And they said, "Oh, yes. Perfect. Thank you, Kelly. Finally, something for you to do." Yeah, I don't even have a laptop. Oh come on. Kelly, I thought we agreed on fleece blankets. He's rubbing his neck. He's rubbing his neck! Oh, God, no. Oh, I want kids. I really want kids. But AJ and I are practically engaged. We talk about spending our lives together. It doesn't really seem like you. I was in the mall, and I saw that, and I thought it had your name written all over it. No, that's not... no, I went to the mall and I picked that out especially for you. [hands Kelly a receipt from his wallet] From the mall. That... Well, that... Shaaa-shut up. Hello. So... high five me. We're back. To a happy... [grabs Holly's hand] look at those! Mittens. Are those a present? [Holly takes off mittens revealing no ring on her ring finger] Congratu-ohhh. Oh, I get it. Everybody knows about the ultimatum. [imitating E.T.] Reese's Pieces? I don't know. I'm glad this is happening. Thank you, Michael. Eat it! Kevin, don't! Come on! [holding a pack of cigarettes] Well, if you don't have to do 'em... Okay, no. Then I won't let you down. No, I don't like committing to not doing things, either. That's just as big a commitment. I'm really excited to introduce you guys to Ryan Howard. He has achieved a great deal in the last... What are you... Who am I? I'm Kelly Kapoor, the business b*tch. It is important to brand yourself, so I have a couple of things in works. "The Business b*tch", "The Diet b*tch", "The Shopping b*tch", "The Etiquette b*tch." Hey, Kelly Kapoor. What a delicious surprise. Uh, why? Um, there aren't really ten secrets. Um, all right. Well, um, I guess know your market would be key. Practice fiscal discipline. Yes! Awesome! All right, anyone else? [younger guy raises hand] Sold! Anybody else? [older guy raises hand] Yes! All right! But it was a pleasure meeting you, and you've got my information, so feel free to call anytime. Wow. Just so you know, it's totally amicable. We're fine. We don't need people here to take sides. Wait. Can you back up? What's the story? And in the morning we walked by a chapel and we stopped, suddenly, and Ryan said...Ryan and Sorry, when did you get married? We are getting divorced, Andy! This is such a raw time. No Oscar, Not, not until everyone can! Ok fine, you know what, this actually isn't amicable at all and we actually do need people to take sides. Who is on my side? Anybody can be Prince Charming one day a year with the dinner and the flowers and all that. But you know what impresses me? When a guy can do that no days a year. I'm sorry, I'm really, really sorry. I think I was just relieved, to see that Michael Scarn got his confidence back. Right this isn't the U.S. Government. Kevin, do you accept the apology? Okay, go back to the annex. [on phone] Yes, hello Mr. Flax this is Michael Scott, your daughter's boss. I am calling because I am going to have to f*re your daughter Holly because she is such a terrible employee. I'm just kidding. I'm kidding. I'm actually calling because I'm in love with her. I love your daughter, and I have for some time. And I would like to discuss my intentions with you... which are to ask her to marry me. And I was just hoping you would give me your approval. And this isn't a joke. So call me back, when you get this. And I look forward to speaking. Thank you. Oh, cause there's a huge line of people waiting in line who want your spinster chotskies. People like Ryan? Let me tell you about men like him. He comes over and you're like 'Hey baby let me light a candle' then you pull out this one half used and he's like 'Uh! Who else is she seeing? I better lock her down fast.' Did I want to be made manager? Sure. A great opportunity squandered? Absolutely. A crushing blow? Yes. Will I get over it? No. But life goes on. Not for me. [picks up paper] I'll help you. Hello! No, not officially, actually, I saw you walking out of the bathroom before. [offers Kelly the papers as she walks away] In meetings.Erin and [walks over to Kelly] Kelly! Kelly? Kelly. If I just went away right now, would that be the best gift that I could give you? You know what, I think we should get some other input. The problem with having "It" or "the X-factor" or whatever it is you want to call it, is that it's impossible to put into words what you're bringing to the table. So to make things simpler for Deangelo, I just, without lying, strongly implied that I'm Kelly's supervisor. It's not even that much of a stretch. She pretty much does whatever I say. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry... Because what would you have done in that situation, Kelly? I'll tell you what I would have done for you. I'd lie for you. I'd die for you too. [hears Deangelo entering] Hey, Kelly Kapoor, if I don't have those call logs on my desk, we're just gonna have to evaluate your future at the company! Thank you. [joint talking head with Kelly] So I am the new customer service supervisor. And I am also a very dutiful boyfriend when -- No, Anthropology. We don't have this in that size, pretty lame. Yeah. Well, I umm - No one likes a money grubber. Oh, that's hilarious, Kelly. Okay, I don't have time for this he said-she said. It's too murky. I like Ryan. You seem kind of hysterical to me. Ryan's your supervisor. Let's just leave it that way. [surprising Kelly] Aha! Gotcha! Why are you late? Hey, what happened? I was talking like this. [mouths words while pointing to his ear] I don't feel good about it, but he just kept calling himself a g*n victim and it got to me. American Idol? What? No. No. [looking at an engagement ring on Angela's finger] It's gorgeous, Angela. They're the same picture. Your department's just you, right? Great! [to Jim and Toby] Um, can we just... [does a "wrap it up" motion with his pen] We just have a lot of serious candidates to get through today, so... [nods] What do you want me to say? I mean, there's a line of qualified people out there. We have a video CV from England. [to Jim and Toby] Are we all just gonna pretend to-- okay. [to Kelly] Um, what are your weaknesses? Okay. Okay. Well, that was quick. He's not a real candidate. You took the deal. That's not okay. Okay. [walks out of conference room] Okay, guys, just so you all know, no decision has been made, and Dwight is definitely not the boss. Kelly's on your side. Oh, well I'm still the corporate liaison to the branch. Okay, you know what, you don't need to make that sound. I don't know. This conversation really got away from me. [drumroll with hands] I... it's unbelievable. True, I may have been the second choice, but I was the first-choice's first choice. And, about Dwight, I sensed that he might have some resentment about not getting the job so I sat him down and we had a talk. And I told him, "I need a really strong number two. I want you to be my enforcer." Smart, right? Uh, this has got to stop. Great group! Pizza party! Well, why don't you ask me again when the five pizzas get here. Oh. Oh God. I've outlined the exact parameters in an email, so check your spam folders, but basically you do your job better, you get points. So, collect fifteen points and redeem them for this polar bear. I can't. Ooh I didn't mean to offend you, and I hope you'll forgive me because I am very very... Sari. [tosses yellow print material over shoulder] Sixteen points. Well, we don't know how long the driver's been gone and it's not in direct sunlight. We're losing cloud cover. Yeah, that'll work. Bye poochie! And then every morning, I'd walk out on to my terrace and I would breathe in the inspiration of the city. You know? And just gather ideas for my painting... [under her breath] get a divorce...get a divorce... Now, stated arrival time is 3 p.m. Yeah, what's the reason? Sorry. Kevin has a gorilla suit you could borrow. Guys, I know, I mean, I wish there could be, too. It's like, I can't choose. They're both amazing. It's just... [to Kelly] If you get into season 1, you can really... It's called a costume. [laughing] Extraordinary. Did you plan this? If you turn out the lights we'll do a little dance. [laughing and clapping] Delightful. Now then, how are we today? Just fine, Kelly? Everything alright? You feeling fulfilled in your life? You guess? So, there is something you want that you do not have. Because it's too terrifying to imagine. Now we're cooking. What is it, Kelly? What is this great fear of yours? Or in this case an email gets sent to Robert California containing the consultants report from last year. Remember the one that recommended the branch be shutdown? And as a fail-safe also every negative email you've ever written about him to the group will also be forwarded to him. Creep by TLC, Creep by Radio Head. You remember that one Jim? There is no way he hasn't strangled at least one stripper. Oscar. He eats his yogurt like he is punishing it for disappointing him. Kelly. Jim, you're trying to make me sound like some kind of evil maniac. Now the point is that we are now working in an environment where we have accountability to each other. I am confident that you guys are equal to the task. No. Oh sh**t. Ha ha ha...You guys are never gonna shut down the machine, ok? But I appreciate your energy and your team work. If you applied this to your regular work, You won't even notice that the device is there, watching you ready to strike. Dwight be human for once. Shut down the machine. Let's just see how we feel when we get there. None taken. What do you got? Touche? Kelly, calm down. I don't think Jim cares about his hair. Well, Jim may be lying with his words, but he can't lie with his body. The male reveals attraction through unconscious and involuntary physical signs. The puffing of the chest, mirroring, increased blood flow to the crotch. I say we start there.Pam and The Sabre Code of Conduct outlines the governing principles key to establishing and maintaining trust with our employees, clients- Hey guys, uh, can't keep saying you're going into labor. Everyone knows you're full of it. It's not fair, you guys. Where is everyone? Where is Andy? Kelly? I love Jessica, and I haven't even met her yet. It's like we don't even need to meet, you know? I already love you. Stay home. Oh no, no. It's fine, Kelly. [laughing] Hello, ah. Merry Christmas, Erin. Kelly, Happy Pancha Ganapati. The five day Hindu celebration in December honoring the god Ganesh, Patron of the Arts. Fingerprints can be planted. You know with a severed hand... You can't click on these Kardashian links, that's why you have so many viruses. Hey. Game on. [group laughing] I don't know what I was thinking, it was awful... Jessica, did you just fart? [group stops laughing] Ron Artest, Kelly. Oh yeah! You can actually stop. The main stone's missing. Kelly, that's a crazy ring you found. I can't believe you're wearing it. Are you not superstitious at all? Oh, I don't think you're being silly. Hey, hey, hey Dwight. It's okay. Just rest. Just rest. There's cross-hatching in some of these. That's kind of advanced for a two-year-old. No. What?! Duh- Wait. I just feel weird. I should just call him. May I have your attention please? Could Kathy, Darryl, Phyllis, Kevin and Kelly please join me in the conference room immediately? Oh, no big deal. It's just that you five have been deemed most deserving of a three week all expenses paid business trip to Tallahassee, Florida. Ok, it's obvious Andy picked the people that are least important to the office. No. That is a ridiculous waste of time. I have been given the responsibility to manage Stanley, a solid player, Ryan, who is capable of surprises, Erin, an excellent follower and Kathy, a probably not totally useless enigma. And, well, Jim. Under the right manager, that's not a bad team. Perfectinschlag. Me neither. Hey, will you put this coat on my chair? I just realized I'm not going to need it down there. Oh great. [overlapping chatter] Phone's ringing. Somebody! Answer the phone. Paid. And delivered. It happens! Like a hospital needs more napkins for surgery... Thank you. Kelly, remember how you wanted to go home before? "I got too much ice cream. You want some?" "Getting' my fry on." "You're such a great friend, dot dot dot dot dot." That's it, last one.[Everyone applauds] What do you got? Black eye, Meredith. Bye. There's no shame in getting beaten up by a girl. My ex-wife used to demolish me. a twelve year old female bully. Yeah. Thanks. We should stay to maybe some more traditional models... Okay, this is what's called pre-violent posturing. Baby, if you're watching this, you're not chubby, you're beautiful. Daddy's just got to sell some cookies. And we're also gonna exercise more. It's gonna be fun. [Dwight and Jim enter office] Hey, hey. They're back. [Everyone greets them] Yeah, the crazy thing about that is, um, wow you look great. Did you lose some weight? Mm, let's see, review, review, review. Yes, good stuff. Here you go, have a raise. That's it. [talks over flashbacks] Kelly has been a handful in the past. I found this the other day while I was journaling and they reminded me of you. Yeah, the fractional ownership property. [sigh] Oh, we took this one right before we got in that huge fight. I saw you were getting along with Ryan again. Yeah, he's so great. Remember how it felt when he cheated on you though? You see, Kelly? Our love scares them. It screws up their cookie-cutter world. Kelly, I have a few things to say to you, so please don't interrupt. Thank you. Kelly, I can't promise you that we'll always stay together. I can't promise you that I'll never cheat on you. Nor should I. Modern marriages aren't built that way. Men aren't built that way. There's a very interesting article I can email to you. But I can tell you this. Even if the odds are fifty-fifty that we'll break up within the week, I wanna roll those dice. I love you, Kelly. Will you roll those dice with me? No you don't. No you don't. What? [they hug] No matter how hard it gets for you, eh- Kelly, seriously, I- Do you not own a mirror? I know, right? What is it? You always look so good in those things. [into phone] Operation Phoenix is a go. Just get the car ready. Kelly Kapoor is gone. Her fiancé Ravi was hired as a pediatrics professor at Miami university. My wife's name is Kathryn. I can show you my social security card if it helps. Kelly, you're here. Hey. Say "hi", Drake. Yeah. No Kelly, he's no named after a hip-hop artist from 2011. It's Drake, like a mix of Drew and Blake. I now pronounce you man and wife. [everyone cheers] Release the doves! [doves do not move right away] Are you sure you don't wanna go in? Thank you Ravi. Thank you so much. This is great for me and for Drake. Thank you. He'll be fine. I let me suck on a strawberry. He's allergic but he'll get over it fast. I had to talk to you. I love you. We're gonna be together forever. My wife's name is Kathryn. I can show you my social security card if it helps. Kelly, you're here. Hey. Say "hi", Drake. Yeah. No Kelly, he's no named after a hip-hop artist from 2011. It's Drake, like a mix of Drew and Blake. I now pronounce you man and wife. [everyone cheers] Release the doves! [doves do not move right away] Are you sure you don't wanna go in? Thank you Ravi. Thank you so much. This is great for me and for Drake. Thank you. He'll be fine. I let me suck on a strawberry. He's allergic but he'll get over it fast. I had to talk to you. I love you. We're gonna be together forever.