OK, I want to express myself, but I have nothing to say and no medium with which to do it. That's so cool Kevin. Thank you. Where? There's nowhere to run! [gathering himself] Okay... People usually say my voice is really nasally. Stepdad says I sound like Truman Capote, but gayer. Guess her good eye isn't that good because this is the second floor. [scary voice] Not somebody. Parts from many! From now on, if you're hot, sit on an ice pack. Whoo! Whoo! Whoo! Luke and I have been working side-by-side as master and commander. Me as master, he as commander. Occasionally he will need a little push, and I will do that, and he'll slow down, and I'll push him again. That's the thing with kids, you have to keep pushing. You have to push them until they push you back. And then you push some more. It's all about give and take, but mostly it's about pushing each other. Yeah, yeah. Like when he presses "Doors closed" the doors open. Or he presses "lobby" it goes to third floor, stuff like that. Can you do that? All right. Are we good? [Luke runs out crying] You're okay. He's okay. There are many different schools of thought on capital punishment. Just a cold sore, thank you. Phyllis, I don't have acne. I have a cold sore. I don't even have a cold. I don't know how I got it. How? I know tons and tons of people who have herpes. I have it myself. That's what it is. Because it's on my genitals, genius. No! It was like four years ago! Herpes, like all STDS, is a consequence of sex. Can anyone else name any other consequences? [writing on board] Ok I guess I can make a pros column. Feels... Express love, magical. Umm, ok is that different from feels unbelievable? Like Jim and Pam, say whaaat? Yeah. His ass was on that seat? All right! That's a lie. I just was hoping to maybe save your voice in case we did a novelty song about frogs. No. No. No. Somebody in this office. Song's about truth. [plays soft chords and sings] Couldn't get outta bed today. Wish the alarm clock would go away. I gotta closet full of mes. Am I gonna be the happy me? This morning, Danny Cordray stole a sale from me. So what do I do? I go out and I steal Danny Cordray. The sale that mattered, I made. Boom. Funny thing about it, we don't even need him. We already have Packer on the road. Chhguuh! Crap. I forgot about Packer. [falsetto] I'll be your croak madame. Croak, croak, croak. Bullfrog in love. Scoopity-splash! What's a seven letter word for purse? So what kind of statement are you making with that costume, Kevin? Excuse me, everybody. I want to invite you all to the Halloween party I'm having at my bar. Okay. I don't care. You know what else? [pulling fake teeth out of his mouth] The-this... this sucks for Jim. Right? But it also sucks for us. Because we don't get invited to a ton of Halloween parties. [puts teeth back in] You were? Jim and Pam really don't want you to go? I'll talk to them. Okay. Okay. Do you think that Kevin is going over my head? I don't-[sees Kevin and Gabe fist-bump] Oh my GOD. Okay. All right. All right. You know what? That's inappropriate, Kevin. I am your boss, and if you have something to say, it goes through me, and then I take it to Gabe. Chain of command. Do you understand? Oh, you're sorry? What did you just thought? All right. Okay. Well, don't let it happen again. I- Okay, everybody! After you walk the runway everyone has to vote for who gets the coupon book. And you can't vote for yourself. This is not the meal I was promised. I'm going to have no energy for the rest of the day. You know what, guys, let's just enjoy lunch. [as Kevin runs to grab her] What are you doing? What's that? Oh, yeah, back then I did. Just now. So, don't, because I've got my eye on you. It is unknown if he is armed with anything. I bet he's wishing he had a hybrid, right? Sixty miles to the gallon in the city. Kevin! Yes, I am. Are you? What? No Gabe is... Gabe is not the boss. Why did you just say he was the boss? What are you doing? Now that's going on? Boy I wish I could see that. You know what? I have an idea. I don't know if it's gonna work, but let me give it this. Okay, I'm gonna give it sh*t. [hurries out] You know what? It made me laugh when I heard it, but Pam got really offended. I am on the first hot sale streak of my life. I think it all comes from feeding Cece, because no matter how much she resists, I sell her those carrots. Let's be honest--if I can make mushed carrots seem better than a boob... I can pretty much sell anything. [laughs] Mm-Kay, Well, it can't be zero, Kev. It's a new corporate policy. I'm listening. I--yes. We're not selling. I will not sell. Thank You. Thank You. Yes, indeed. Yes Kevin. Once a week antacid is the idea to b*at. Anyone else? Nobody? Okay then we are... yes. I don't know. Actually, that's not true. I know the figure you're referring to, and it's a projection of fifteen years from now. In your perfect would, what would make this building awesome? I'm putting together kind of a wish list. Yeah, no. I'm not a genie. I'm just talking about a... You can't possibly be serious. Okay, this is just a Christmas card from your paper supplier. No one's putting this on their fridge. No, Andy, it's a snowball fight. It's not fun. Go get your own thing. b*at it. [Jim continues to shake Dwight's hand] Jim, let go. Let go. The senator. We went to a picnic thrown by the Comptroller's wife. Hey, uh, any volunteers to come with me to go buy a Christmas tree? I will help. Although my 'brid', my hybrid, my Prius hybrid, won't fit a tree. Which is ironic, considering how many trees it saves on a daily basis. Uh, we're on recess. I came for the party. Hey, everyone. What does the strangler look like? Is he gorgeous? He looks gorgeous in the drawings. Hi. Oh, really? Turn it on me. Well, isn't that nice? Thank you very much. Yikes. [everyone gasps] You guys, it wasn't my fault. I know who you are, and I think you should go. Oh, thank you. I don't know if you guys have had a chance to use the new parking meters that accept credit cards, but Robert was instrumental in that legislation. Yes, no, why? Stop! Yes. [sticking both ring fingers up] Ha ha, ha ha! But that's okay. Because it's not about being perfect, it's about trying. In fact, why don't we go around and confess some of the ways that we've fudged on some of our resolutions? 01, January first, BAM! Blood everywhere. You don't have to do that, Kevin. Why are you eating stem first? The other way. Eat it. Put it in your mouth, and just eat it. All right, all right, shh! Let me see if you swallowed it, open your mouth. Under your tongue. [reveals hidden broccoli, spits it out] Oh, God! You guys are pathetic. And I wanted to apologize. These resolutions should be about you, and I made it about me, and it was none of my beeswax. It was insensitive and I am sorry. I really wanted you to follow through on your resolutions. The cartwheel, the veggies... I... care about you. Very much. And you loom so large in my heart that I crossed the line. I don't think I'm there yet, Boss. Okay, oh! All right. I just feel blocked. Like I'm living, but I'm not... Yeah. That's real, real classy, Kevin. Hey, was it me or you that just shoved the butt end of a pound of broccoli into my mouth because Michael told me to? No, she's lying. Kevin, Jim dropped out of my seminar, and I'm just... I was wondering if you could replace him as my charming warm up guy. Hey, that's crazy talk. I think you're great. Kevin, you open it up. guest speaker extraordinaire. And then I come in and just close all the sales and stuff. Um, okay, here we go. One, two three! Let's get things started, shall we? You guys ready to hear from the Dunder Mifflin business experts? Good. Well, as you can see on your program... first up is a speech called, "Don't Just Dream it, do it." Yes! Please give a big hand to Mr. Kevin Malone. [plays Ozzy Osboure's Crazy Train] [running laps around the conference room] Yes! There are some people who have charm and some people who don't. Guess which type I am. Charm type. Are you okay? Here... I don't think I should be married to you anymore. Ok. [office laughs] No no no. Woo-hoo. Ta-da! "Darn it Bob. I told you not to buy a Sabre brand lifeboat." [laughter] Yes. So happy. Yeah. Kevin! Uh, I also don't see Andy. Okay. So, PDAs. That's gonna include behaviors such as hugging, kissing, uh... Yeah, booby honking. Sure. As has Ryan. As has Kelly. As has Meredith. As has Phyllis. As has Darryl. As has Creed. [Creed smiles and nods] As has Michael and as has Holly. With who? Okay, this is much worse than before. I'm now supposed to tell you to enjoy a mind-hunt break and look for a heart or some [bleep] in the break room when you're through. Kevin! Do more stupid faces. Are you kidding? I wasn't trying to break you guys up. Go on. Kiss each other already. [they kiss] Flowers, diamonds, three-course meal, violinist comes to my table to serenade me... Well, the hostages were scared. Ha! [kicking open the gate in the stadium where the hostages and Goldenface are] Yeah Michael the movie is amazing! You should enter it in festivals! I have the best survival stock shelter in north eastern Pennsylvania. But everything has a shelf-life. So I must eat and replace everything that's about to expire. It's nice not to have to plan my meals. You know, I think I have some type of cheese in the back of my fridge you might like. [Jim smiles] [sees Holly and Todd shaking hands in the conference room] Yes! The Pack is back! Ladies and gentlemen, I would like to introduce you to a man who needs no introduction, probably because most of you have done it with him. Just kidding he wouldn't be interested in any of you. In all seriousness, Todd Packer, is a permanent salesman at this branch. And I would like to invite you to welcome him with open arms. It's great to be among friends, but until then, you suckers will do! Yeah. What don't you understand about the word approved? It seems some of you don't know what the word approved means. Hey what's going on you guys? [walking into the kitchen with Holly, Dwight, and Kevin, with whom he fist bumps] Yeahh! Three muska-queers! Well, some girls go through a phase. Since when did you learn how to read? Yeah. You know how to read... a menu! [Michael and Todd are walking into the office] Okay, every body. I need you to see this. Because maybe there is somebody here that you all underestimated, who will surprise you. Todd Packer, is going to apologize. Kevin! Front and center, come here. Kevin, we know that you are just trying to save face, we know that you are hurt and embarrassed. I'm sorry if you were offended by my comments earlier. That's how it's done. Mhmm, no I paid 500 dollars for that. 20. Get lost. Oh my gosh, you have the Dallas board game? Really? It's Dallas the game, we can figure it out. [playing the Dallas board game] Hmm, I'm gonna play me a little ol' black mail card . And call a proxy meeting to take control of you and oil once and for all. Which entitles me to half of both of y'alls money so if you don't mind. We must honorably adhere to the rules we are making up on the spot. No. I am not going to be proposed to in the break room. That is not going to be our story. Mhm hm. Should have b*rned this place down when I had the chance. You cant go, you're dead, I sh*t you 5 moves ago. I told you we're way past rules. We have been for some time now. We start having rules now, everything we built collapses. Yeah where is it? Ok you know what? I am never ever playing board games with you two again. Your wife becoming me will I. [everyone in the kitchen starts cheering, then enters annex] Thank you. So guys, guys, guys. We're moving to Colorado. Michael is leaving. And apparently they've already hired a new manager. And we're meeting him today. It's a lot to process. Paperwork wise. Here's the great thing about the southwest; there's so much more than desert. Along the north rim of the Grand Canyon is a forest as lush as you've ever seen. Yep, ten-gallon hat. Technically, it only holds about three quartz. Little factoid. [interrupting Deangelo] Snack time! It's the witching hour! It's the sandwitching hour! A la, tonight we will be hosting at Louie Volpies! [all in conference room] Guys! I want you to help us work on some banter. [standing by the Louie Volpies entrance greeting people and giving them menus] [the manager of Louie Volpies approaches a giggling Kevin, who is coloring with crayons on the tablecloth] Who gave you those crayons? This is a cloth tablecloth! You can't color on it! And cups of coffee. Kevin, I have something for you. You know who that is? [rips the poster in half] Don't be a caricature Kevin, never be a caricature. How did that feel when I tore that up? Good, stand up. [Kevin does so] You will be thin. You Won't drool over pizza like an animal anymore. You will find love. I'm not sure, um, Mountainton? [Michael sits alone eating at the back of the kitchen, Pam comes in with Jim, Creed and Kevin] You should do more stuff like that. So I'm going to Carbondale this afternoon to get a new bulk shredder. It's a good shredder, it just keeps breaking. It's not supposed to shred magazines Kevin. Did you break the shredder Kevin? I don't care what your favorite flavor is. Here's a bowl of ice cream. You either like it or you don't. [Andy nods] That's my attitude right now in this room, that's my attitude on Ice Cream Thursdays. Alright? Clear? Any questions? There is no inner circle. Deangelo just prefers to delegate a few things, to a few guys. Who's the biggest client in the state? I say we go get 'em, whatever it takes. Huh? What do you guys say? Right! Or my other idea, 50,000 tiny clients. [calling for the ball] Deangelo! [sh**t and makes it] See what I did there? That's what you need to do. [makes sh**ting gesture] It's that little English. The British are coming. It's a little cramped. How many square feet out there? 17, 18 hundo? [pretending to bounce b*lls off Phyllis at close range] Feel that connection? Don't move your head. Please. Thank you. Oh! Big hand for Phyllis! [clapping] That took a lot of guts! [finishes routine] Ho! I'm Deangelo Vickers, thank you so much, hope you learned something. Uh-oh. Right? Was it Pam? No corporate experience whatsoever. I didn't want anyone with any bad habits. Oh yeah, did he text us? I'm no MJ. I can do his dunk. From the free throw line. Right. Yeah. Okay, fair enough. Kevin, you do it. And we would love to have you. But not today. Unfortunately, it's a bad day, what with Operation Overthrow and everything, but I have noted it. [Dwight tears the sign down, Jim hangs two signs in its place] I will never be happier than I am right now. I will also never be less happy. I will be at my current maximum happiness for the rest of my life. Because I am manager of the Scranton Branch of Dunder Mifflin. Acting Manager. Uh... hello! [indicates his phone clipped onto his belt] Why would I put a banana in my holster? Pet Day! I want Pet Day back - no dogs. I put everything back in the vending machine. [leaves the men's room with an empty fish t*nk after flushing the toilet] Oscar, can you print out last year's sale statements? No, Kevin, come on. Kevin, not now. Okay, okay. Shh! [Dwight begins rubbing his shoulders] You're kidding me. [reaches under Kevin's jacket] Oh God, what am I touching? It's moist. Oh, it's so wet. I can't. I can't push harder! Okay, how's that? I'm kneading it! [giving Kevin numbers for the copier] Four, one, seven, one... Nine, eight, five... Three, zero, zero. Again, zero. Four, six... Two, one... We're making acronyms. Okay! What does the first "B" stand for? [on phone] Okay. [hangs up, smiling] How odd, a very unusual phone call from the Senator's office. The Senator wants me to have lunch with him at The Botanical Gardens. Tell us the freaking story! Yeah, you gotta know. You're right. You're right. She seems happy. We don't tell her. Okay. [walks away] I went to drop off the FedEx forms and an evil witch named Angela turned me into a puppet! And there's only one thing that can change me back into a real girl. Okay, seems like everybody has an opinion. So, who else? Anybody? [while sighing] I suppose I am. I don't think he meant, that-- Go ahead. There are plenty of people who love touching me. [camera zooms to Ryan, who looks at the camera, extremely skeptical] I'm a terrific hugger. I've been with a bunch of girls where that's basically all they want to do. I will see you all soon. No, no,... no. Sorry. We cut Kevin off for the same thing. You have to have something to say, if you talk. [Angela rolls her eyes and stops talking] If he comes out, distract him. [takes list to copier] We don't need a warning signal, Kevin. We can see him right there- I promise you, we don't need a warning- Thank you. A little much needed comic relief, but we really need to figure this out guys. Hey! Apt. Apt analysis, Robert. Oh, we did. It was the best time. And you know what? Now it's over. Back to work everyone. You too Andy. Yeah, I'm fine. Hey, so this isn't matching up with this...and I'm not sure which one's right. Can you just hunt down the original for me? Hey Kev, what were you saying before about the paperwork? Kevin, do you feel OK? He's making a statement. It's an ironic comment on our expectations of him. A funhouse image of our model of Kevin. You keep think that. Kevin, I appreciate what you're trying to do. Here, we have a word code, the same way we have a dress code. And what we're talking about is...basically the speech equivalent... to just wearing underpants. Sometimes words, you no need use...but need need for talk talk. Does it save time though? ‘Cause we've been here for about an hour. Kevin, at most you're saving a microscopic amount of time. What are you gonna do with all this time? K, Kevin, are you saying "See the world"? or "Sea World?" No, see? Right there, that's the problem with your method. ‘Cause I still don't know if you're saying "Sea World" or "see the world," and it's taking a lot of time to explain it. Fine, fine. I'll talk normally. Your ex-wife? No no no no. I like her. Ah... [chuckling] Oh, you'd go someplace else. That's not it, that's not the answer. It's a wrong answer. Hello. I'm looking for Darryl Philbin? Ok....? Hi. You wanted the job, the job is yours. Just do the job! [Licks brownie battered finger] And I'll do mine..... walnuts? Hey Kevin, what are you doing? Yeah. So what, Andy, you wanna just let him die, you scumbag? Great. And Kevin. Nice. [Dwight runs forklift into wall of warehouse] Whoa whoa whoa whoa! Oh! No. Not joking. This is real....painfully real, what is happening right now. Not that, don't... It's a great idea Kev, I don't think it applies here though, so maybe we just- Kevin! Doesn't apply. Yeah. [sh*t shows Kevin and Erin greasing floor of warehouse] Exactly. Yeah. [laughs] That makes sense. OK. Good, alright. What is goin' on?! [sh*t shows greased aisle flanked by rows of boxes] And did your brains tell you to ruin these boxes with grease? That's alright. Doesn't matter what the name is. Señor Loadenstein, that's stupid. Get the thing, go! Lube it up, Kevin! Start mopping.Dwight, Erin, Jim & Guys, my family just threw a garden party to celebrate my brother's promotion. It was a huge success. Check it out, there's a video online. Heartwarming impromptu father-son duet. [video playing on computer] Sir, I need to be able to feed all the guests. This is not funny, man, let me down. Chapter 9 – The tableau vivant is not only welcomed, but expected entertainment at any garden party. I've decided to pre-screen all the Halloween costumes this year. I have three simple rules - don't be offensive, don't be cliche, and don't take the first two rules too seriously. Whoa! Aw, spoiler alert. When they talk about all the nice things about dating a coworker, they don't mention one of the best parts. After you're done dating, you still get to work together, every single day. I don't know if I can. [to Kevin] You seem unimpressed. Ghosts don't scare you? Mummies are real. There are mummies at museums. It's true. They've been preserved for thousands of years. They're all over. No. That is just a bunch of people participating in a collective thing that maybe the Eagles will hear about and want to play better. It's not... The crib was full of dirt. Baby struggled to free itself from underneath, reaching and clawing, gasping for air. Embalmed bodies rose from their sarcophagi, lurching toward baby, for they were mummies. Hi guys. I just wanted to say that, you all have been doing amazing work., really. Remember we have to give Rigo Escrow their refund by five. Kevin, maybe I should handle that. We really need you to focus on your project. Good thinking. Five eighty-eight plus fifteen percent- Oh no. Hey, you can't just change the rules because you don't like the outcome. What about you, Kevin? What about you and your fake task? Can you tell me now where paper comes from? Pam, you should come with me. Dwight really likes you and your breasts are enormous that could help us. Kevin has that lovability. Sive drafely. [Pam points back at him, smiling] Oh! Not bad fellas, you're better than you look. Thank you. Miss no more! What do you play? Join us! Great! Yeah, even cooler. Local musician? Local legend! I used to come hear you play every week at the Deerhead. Go Eagles! [laughs] Yeah, absolutely! Hey, why don't you and me play those? What should we play? With the crotch. Seriously, that was hot. Feel like you and the newsman had a groove going. Did you know that Lisa toured with Chaka Khan? Maybe we could switch instruments. Yeah they kind of had a specific sound that didn't really fit in with our thing. Wanna be with you night and day.Darryl and Anyone who's not going, you're dead to me. You're uninvited. I don't want you to come. But, FYI, there will be leftover turkey and pesto sammies in the fridge. All right, all right, all right. Here. Like it? I can't get a f*re pit. I have two babies. So, here what we can do. Game changers- changes to the game such that the game can never be played the same way again. Everyone, brainstorm some innovations. Don't be afraid to get weird with it. Meredith! [wakes her up] Excited! Kevin, you've been quiet. I'm curious to know what your game-changer is. Cookies. Cookie placement. No! That's the oatmeal cookie. Fantastic, Kevin. Fantastic. [laughs] And why is Black Rock suddenly the paragon by which all hedge funds must now be compared? Right. I mean you're an accountant. Those bogus prospectuses must drive you insane. You're right. There should be a monument to this. Robert I hate to interrupt. But I would love to pitch you one last idea. I call it the Big Mac idea. It's really, really good Robert. Let me explain. Well what is the idea? it was a mistake. But one that can be fixed by all of us being mean to her. Well that's a sales desk. Cool. Hey! [Kevin embraces Robert in a tight hug] Oh! I actually appreciate the human intimacy. Feel like a kitten being cradled by a gorilla. One, two three! [group takes sh*ts] Oh. But look, it's Christmas, so you're allowed...[Val walks in dressed very formally] whoa, hello. Um, you're allowed to do... OK...maybe I should make you some oatmeal or something. Too late! It's already been wished! And you promised it would come true. You wrote it in an email! So, which one are you? A m*rder or a liar? [Andy leaves] Hey. holds up sign that reads "We're on the longest silent streak in office history! Nobody has said anything in... 14 min!", Dwight hangs up on a phone call rather than speak, Andy sees a raccoon eating a hamburger and tries to describe it using charades, Kevin opens a candy bar and takes a bite]. You really have to say "oh yeah" every time you eat a candy bar? Andy, no- Well, it's just, I know that making errors sounds like your kind of thing, but it's a little more complicated than that. All right, everybody. Nice self-awareness. Except... [looks at Kevin, who has joined the A-team] Keep talking all you want. That's it. I'm going to go watch the boats on the river. Oh my God. Lamar Odom, yes. All right guys, time's up. Who was the relatively unknown patent clerk who discovered that energy equals mass times the speed of light squared? Looks like everyone gets a point for Albert Einstein. Oh wait. Except for the Einsteins. That's all right. Which means the top three teams are going to finish it off in the speed round. So let's get everyone some bells. In third place we have the Einsteins. The standard American analog scale has a maximum capacity of what weight? [bell rings] I'm sorry, no. Over to the Einsteins. Are you sure? No! Come on! Welcome to the Stonewall Alliance Trivia Championships! First prize is forty-five hundred dollars! Riboflavin. Well, please tell Susan we all say hi. What, as some sort of last hoorah? everyone, tonight, my house, wear a swimsuit. Let's just call it a get-together. And let's say no food. That was you, Kevin. Yeah, you want to play you little hick? [kicks her in to the pool, Erin screams] Okay, yeah. Who's going to be my partner? Where's Jim? [comes up from under water] How was that? Cool. [to Kevin] Does Darryl not swim? Yay! [Erin comes back up] Whoa! [sighs] You're an idiot. Uh-uh. Uh-uh. Ah! Angela had the baby! Why? Would it be more hilarious than Angela having a Chinese baby? Eh, a little bit. Well Kevin and I have to go, Accounting is its own little family. [whispering] Guys, I don't know how many of you have seen- Gabe? Bring it in. I don't know how many of you have seen a premature baby before. It's going to be really tiny, so please don't say anything offensive. Knock, knock. Oh! Well, meet our not-so-little bundle of joy, Philip Halsted Lipton. Kevin! Wow, it's so... healthy. No, I think he came early just so he could wear these. Thank you. Ah! Oh Angela, those brownies have walnuts in them and I think Kevin's allergic to walnuts. You're allergic to walnuts, right Kevin? I know, you and me both, brother. It seemed kinda random to me, but he was pretty clear on who he thought truly deserved this boondoggle of a lifetime. Respect it? You're trying to tell me Kevin Malone deserves more than Stanley Hudson. Mm-hm. Powerpoints are the peacocks of the business world. All show, no meat. Thank you. Yeah, I figured we'd keep things savory while Oscar's mouth is in canker country. I also have some bacon-wrapped dates on deck. Mail call! [sings] His name is Oscar, and he got some mail, and he better open it, or go to jail 'cause it's your taxes. His name is Kevin, and no mail for him, but he got a coupon, for some frozen... yogurt. Watson carpet and tile. Whoa. Thornwood Wholesalers. ... yeah... Morning, everyone. Don't care. Tell me later. Yes, I do. Phyllis. What? Good job Andy. You've gotta be kidding me. God bless. Friend of mine uses your paper. You do good work. Bye bye. Okay, this isn't over. Let's stay focused, okay?  We made fun of Andy earlier for getting b*at up by a little girl, but... little things can be dangerous. [approaches Kevin] Would you like to buy some cookies? Cookies, eh? [Kevin scratches cookie order form and sniffs it] It's not a scratch-and-sniff, Kev. No, no, no. It's not fair. What if Kevin wants to buy cookies from me? That doesn't mean anything. [to Kevin] Kevin, do you want to buy cookies from me? No, you h*t the road, jack. You know, why don't we split the order? It's only fair. Ugh. [laughs] Yeah. Yeah, that's awesome. That's great. No. Yeah, ok so what, you buy 40 boxes? 50? You're not talking... triple digits? [tries to jump off wall] Jackie Chan! [falls and groans] [in a feminine voice] Kevin can't come to the phone right now because he's busy with us. Yeah, I don't know why you picked names that are also guys' names. Forget it, man. Yeah. I have my dignity too. I refuse to be another man's horsey. [telephone ringing] This is Pam. Oh my God, are you sure? Uh, okay. Okay, um, we'll be right there. Everybody, the balloon is falling. I remember when that balloon went up there. I was still with Gil. We were so happy. How long do you think it's been up there, Kevin? Hey. So they accidentally gave us an extra egg sandwich this morning. Who wants it? Excuse me, has anyone seen Andy this morning? I came in here simply trying to get to know you, learn your names, maybe have someone teach me the company song. And what I got in return was nothing but disrespect. You leave me no choice but to get to know you in a more intimate way. Let's see it. Show of hands. How? Ugh! I hate that! No offense. 'Cause there's someone already here named Pam. Interesting. Yes. No, yes, I see that. Great work, team. Great party. Anyway, I know it's the end of the day. We just wanted to stop by and say hi. Hey, Kev. Nice sweater. [Ryan and Kelly make out in the nook] But she's had a bad influence. She's like an addict. [Ryan and Kelly argue] And I just had to get her clean. You promised! Chumbo, come on, help me out. Any problems with Little Chumbo? Andy, why don't you tell us about the best erection of your life? Or does anyone else have any remarkable erections they'd like to share? [Creed, Kevin and Meredith raise their hands] For Kelly? Ryan, go away! She found herself a beautiful boyfriend! What? Oh, great! That sounds good! Why would that be weird? Andy's just coming as my date. Hello! Did anyone order a blast from the past, with a side order of sexy? [points back and forth at the multiple cameras] Where do I look? It's been so long since I did one of these things? Okay, alright! What's the question? How am I doing? Umm... Great! Well, I don't want to get r*ped [picks up clipboard] Twenty-Two! [Dwight enters] Wait, you think Jiu-Jitsu classes cost $22 [grabs clipboard.] If you're going to guess the price, you might as well try to be halfway accurate. $180! You guess the price, you win the prize. Have you never been to a Quaker fair before? God! Yes-- Yes, I am! Thank you, Kev! You're welcome! Pepper's been getting me out of the house, going on runs. What do you feed her? Is she sick? How are her poops? Does she smell? She smells horrible. It's unbelievable. But I don't want to put her in the bath, because I'm afraid that she'll drown. Can everyone just, please... I had a one-man saturnalia last night, in celebration of the finalization of my divorce. I got into a case of Australian reds, and – how should I say this – Columbian whites. What – what is this about, uh, Binghamton? -pep talk. Sexuality is a spectrum. It's a paradox to think of any sexual activity as "normal." It gets better but it also gets vastly more complicated. Okay. Andy, come on. I told you [Dwight vomits power drink on Angela] [as Kevin reassembles shell] That piece doesn't go there. [Kevin shushes him] Well, I need to give my cat up for adoption. The one who uses the doorbell, or the one with the Mexican hat, or the one with the rain galoshes, or the one you let go around naked? Please, after the turtle? Nonsense. Get up here. [surveying an untidy office] The building's custodian is on vacation for the month and Dwight is too cheap to hire a replacement. So, instead, we're living in filth. But, not for long. Because I have created the chore wheel. Well, it doesn't spin. We'll just move the wheel one notch each morning and... you see what chore you get that day. [frustrated] ‘Kay. Yes, you clean all the mugs in the sink. I don't think you guys understand why we're doing this. It's- With Operation Give Back, you pick the charities Dunder-Mifflin supports. I w-, uh, I would love to give uh- [in kitchen with several people around] Next question for our oldie-weds- [after awkward pause] Sh, uh, um, I was having this separate conversation with Kevin. Uh, Johnny Depp. OK, I have one. I have one. [Jim's phone rings and he motions he's taking the call elsewhere] Kevin is related to both John Wayne Gacy and John Wayne Bobbitt. No. Not that I see here. Andy, did you call this meeting just to talk junk about our families? Summer Softball Epic Fails! [Kevin swings bat on screen, fart noise follows] Fail. [repeats] Fail. Oh, I know I'd be more productive. Role Call! Shabooyah, yah yah shabooyah role call! Shabooyah, yah yah shabooyah, role call! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Next stop pies! Let's go driver! [clapping] Laverne packs up the pie wagon at five so... So wait, when pies are involved you can suddenly do math in your head? Hold on, Kevin, how much is 19,154 pies divided by 61 pies? What if it were salads? What? Phyllis! That's not safe. [Reading] "She's tough in business, but tender with the people she cares about. She'll make a wonderful mother to any child who can overlook weird accents." What? I don't know what you're talking about. [laughs] Kevin, are you trying to get me to h*t you? In the face with my pie? I thought that concert was pretty great. Yeah, yeah, no, no. It's a good idea to brush your teeth. But you have to um, feed your children. Send them to school. You know, all things you can't do if you just keep singing ‘Monster Mash.' Kevin, listen to me. I'm in love with the Senator. And I need time to sort this out in a responsible matter so I need your help in keeping it a secret because this means the world to me. Ok? Can you do this, Kevin? Totally, except it is a no go. This boat was the heart and soul of the family. So...what else we got? Non-boat ideas. [Oscar looks outside conference room at Kevin and Angela at the copier] Jammed. This day couldn't get worse. [Kevin laughs] Kevin! Kevin, we're out of 11-38 forms. Did you order more? I don't know why I'm surprised. Literally nothing you do could surprise me anymore. [In staff meeting] See these forms... I have to go to the bathroom! [runs out] [running from elevator] I have to go to the bathroom! That man he's up against is so dirty. And the senator's just pushing back as hard as he can. What? Anyways, last night he was tired and just wanted a little Mexican brought in. [Kevin laughs] I'm in big trouble. [chokes up] I hope that's it, Kevin. Hi, Kevin. Look, I need to talk to you about- Guys? Excuse me. Um, a quick word, please just.. Oh, you're right I'm so sorry. Snack machine on me. [gives Kevin money] [yelling in break room] That's what I'm saying! No of course not! Overall, I'd say my first radio interview went pretty much the way I expected. Why on earth would you think you were getting a promotion? You know what? I'm sorry. I overreacted. Because I'm stressed out. Why am I stressed out? Who's not stressed out? Who's not stressed out? Who- Well, thanks everybody. I have to say I'm impressed with Kevin. Uh, he showed a lot of self-control. [laughter] [nervous laughter] Right. Okay, uh, over the next three months... Okay, I'll call you right back. Yeah. That's the idea. Well, I've gotta build a wider base first before I can go higher. [entering] What are y'all doing? Cool. It should be taller though, right? Kevin, I can hear you. Bang. Actually, that was the sound of me eating spaghetti. But I'm gonna let them think the other thing. Hey, hey, hey, it's just a mistake. Just a mistake. That's what this tower's all about --  mistakes. Okay, if you're afraid of screwing up, the tower's not for you. Show of hands --- who here has never had a complaint? That's right. Nobody. See that? Nobody. Okay? Let's get back to work, huh? Come on, you in? Like a Phoenix from the ashes. Ksshhhh! Sandwich delivery for Mr. Oscar Martinez. No, not him, not him. Outside. Outside. You know, there's doughnuts in the break room. [cheering] [cheers and applause as Pete puts last card on tower] I mean, it says "X-Mas party," but I think we all know what that's code for. Oh, right, like I'm responsible 'cause I'm in charge of the party planning committee. Well, then, why don't we just get some liquor and those mini-Cupcakes? Yes! That, that, that! We're definitely doing that. Are we all in agreement? I don't know, I just haven't. No. None of this makes any sense to me! Actually, he doesn't say that there. He says it earlier when he's on the radio with Hans. Oh, that's okay, bud. Common mistake. [Speaking German] Wait, what is that I hear? Is someone on the roof? How strange. [Blows out the candle] Excuse me. I have to run to my car to take a dump. [To Nellie in the kitchen] Here's the thing about moonlight. It's not sunlight. Dwight said it's "Hog maw."  I think they're going to the conference finals. Sucks. Anyway, I just don't see it. The Knicks are tough.The Nets are tough. Now I have this big bump in my lip that hurts. I hate it. No. Breakups are the worst. The only thing that got me through mine are large amounts of shepard's pie and Brandy. The singer, not the drink. Thanks, man. Aw, poor Darryl. I can't bear to see him suffer like this. Listen, let's try and get Darryl the one thing in the world he clearly wants and needs the most. We think you made a big, big mistake. Thank you all for your concern, but I'm gonna have to ask you to leave, okay? No. Oops. No, it actually feels kinda nice. Hey, look who's back, Dwight Junior. No. Look, without a taste test, how are we supposed to know which flavors we like to reorder? It's a thing. It means "you only live once". Well... No, I don't... no. Absolutely not! Oh, fine. [puts a napkin on top of everyone else's hands and reluctantly puts her own hand on the napkin] [Meredith, Phyllis, Nellie, Angela, Creed, Oscar, Stanley] We all drink them all! A-bam! [slams espresso cup on table] My favorite is Viennese Amaretto. And the worst flavor I've tried so far is Alpine Select! Ugh! Kevin! Kevin! Kevin! Stop it! Stop it Kevin! No, I just took over the pen shipment because Pam had to leave. When I say it out loud, I know that sounds insane, but it's the truth, I swear. No, I'm not! [Kevin imitates g*n] It's not like that at all! Forget it, I'm so sorry. No, I'm not upset. I'm really excited for Darryl... Maybe I'm a little disappointed that we'll be losing him. Huh? Kevin, move. I can't pull up the rug if you're standing on it with your rhinoceros feet. We don't work for you! The Dunder Code! I completely forgot about that prank. That had to be like six or seven years ago. Stayed late every night for a month. Had a lot more free time back then. Aha! A lightbulb. A lightbulb. Okay. Okay. [holding note over lamp] Invisible ink. Oh. What? Hey, Angela? Did you hear about the Irish-American Cultural Center mural? [writing on white board] Customer Loyalty. What is it? Can you hold it in your hand? Can you nudge it with your finger? Can you dump it on a woman? No. Why? Because it's an idea. But what does it mean? Does Mr. X know that Erin has a boyfriend, or did Erin keep that from Mr. X? That is correct. Come on, guys, where is this even coming from? All right, you don't have to. If I ever get that bad, you'd tell me, right? No. No children. Our house is not kid-friendly. Most of our furniture is sharp. Also, ew. It will mostly be campaign donors. If I get the deicing gig, it's not gonna be on merit. Not because I played politics. [exits] No. [leaving] That's really rude. Let's all try to do better next time. Kevin, great to see you. I beg your pardon. I really like Andy these days. He's pretend and he does exactly as I tell him to. All that will change when real Andy comes back tomorrow. [thinks for a moment] Unless he comes back as pretend Dwight. In which case, we're in for an epic, confusing showdown. Andy left a carton of milk in the fridge. So, I've been sneaking a little bit every day for the last three months. It's been yummy. But now, Andy's coming back. So, I guess it's goodbye chunky, lemon milk. They have a nail salon there where I get my feet detailed. [to Meredith] They use a watch repair kit. [emotional] Do you have any idea what I had to do to get that sale from Jan? I mean, I went all out. All out. I mean like everything was out the whole week. [whispering] We had to let a warehouse guy go?! The whole thing is in ashes. f*re department was here. It was in all the papers. Too late. I found out she's been texting a guy named Pete. Does anybody know a Pete? Hmm. Oh, thanks. Your shoes match. I'm bad at small talk. Hello beautiful. I'll tell you why. Because...the floor...is...disgusting. Yeah, my trainer said everybody fails working out, that's how you win. Alright [tries to pull himself up] Ok. Kevin? A little help buddy? It looks pretty black. OK. Let's get right to it. I guess. My name is Todd Packer and I am in recovery. I'm working the steps. I'm on step eight of Alcoholics Anonymous and step nine of Narcotics Anonymous. I'm here to make amends. I've been hard to deal with over the past years. Kind of a jerk. I know it. I don't need you to accept my apology, but I'd love it if you did. Do they even have a bakery anymore? [while Kevin stares at his cupcake] Kevin, you can do this. Uh-huh. Yes. He was a good spy. Kevin? Last night? Oh, god, um, I don't know. [cuts to him arm wrestling Kevin] Na, nothing really. Kevin? I'm not, a... I'm just. I don't know. [cuts to him spinning a plate like a record and Kevin dancing] Oh. Gosh. I actually. It is hard to recall. Um. [cuts to he and Kevin sitting on a table touching each others face] Pretty normal night. Yeah. I didn't see you last night at all. [cuts to him dancing by prostrate Kevin] Wow. He is officially the worst human being. But, Kevin that's...  Bye. An American Workplace. Coming soon on WVIA. Whoa. You go to the bathroom for 45 minutes and everything changes. This is a documentary? Oh, I always thought we were like specimens in a human zoo. Ok, great. Of course there are! [Speaks Danish] Dumpster Man. Oh, guys, it's starting! Hurry! Oscar is with the Senator too? He knew! You did it, Kevin. [gasps] OK, next up we have two creatures great and small. Kevin versus Angela. Hey, that is a really nice plane. You make that yourself? Well, what am I thinking? Of course you made that yourself. Cause it's in the rules that you have to fold your own plane. Kevin, did you make that yourself? I call for a refold! Really? [to Dwight] Thank you. Ok, that's enough. This is the end of the ring now. You have to pick one. You have to choose one now. Was Dwight rooting for me? Hmm. I hadn't noticed. I wish we'd started this exercise six months ago. My heart just feels so... blocked up. No. Everything is not okay. The county took my cats. It's the [bleep] that lives downstairs. She's this uptight, judgmental shrew. You know the type. Andy's from the generation that thinks they should all be famous. What happened to the generation that knew you shut up, did your work, and d*ed quietly from a heart att*ck? Yeah, sure. What's your question? Nah. I like my plan better. Okay. Death of a salesman. Sure, ‘Death of a Salesman' by Arthur Miller, it's a great play about crushed dreams. What's going on? Yes. Congratulations. [answering phone] This is Angela. Oh. Hello, Miss Polodnikovski. Uh, how can I help you? Did my rent check not clear? Because I just transferred another $25 to that account. So if there's a problem it's clearly on your end. And—oh. Oh. Oh, okay. Good. Then... um... what is this about? No, no. Hey, hey! No, you are out of line Miss Polodnikovski. No, no you are. No you are! Evicted? Fine! I didn't want to live in that cesspool anyway! Listen, I get my security deposit back. Yes, I do. This is not fair! That is not fair! Well, you know what? You have so many hairs on your chin that Animal Control should've taken you away. That is very unladylike! You are disgusting! [hangs up phone] [crying] It's just a really nice song. Good night, Kevin. The tea in Nepal is very hot. I'm letting you all off half an hour early to view the documentary. So you can make it up to me by working an extra half an hour tomorrow, or a minute extra for the rest of the month. Why didn't you pack the apple snacks? Because whenever I pack the bag, you say I do it wrong. Why don't you pack it? Kevin, what? Ok, you go to the store. Darryl?! Darryl! Hey! No way! Yeah! Kevin, Kevin. Kevin, could you not do that? Here, use my pen. Shhh! Kevin, where are you going? That is because this baby is of superior intelligence. He can tell when he's being tricked out of the experience of a real human breast. Hey, Kev, how you doing, buddy? It's just his way of saying, "Thanks for letting me hang out in Accounting." Sure. Would you like to hold Phillip? [hands off Phillip] Yeah. That's Kevin. Easy. Okay, watch it. Hey, no. Stop it. No, no! See you there. You have to change the channel to PBS. How many people want the game? [half the bar cheers] Who wants PBS? [other half cheers] Sorry. Tie means I do nothing. All right. Ok, thirty seconds to showtime! [mimicking trumpet] Today marks several important milestones. Stanley, as you know, is retiring. No! And our next and most thickly frosted cake is...for...Kevin. Go ahead and just read the frosting. Uh-huh. Umm.... Toby, wait. Wait. Hold that thought. Here's your cake. [squirts frosting on the top] Bye, bye Toby. Very well! Drinks on me! Bartender! [Kevin turns around] Oh. I heard you bought a bar, Kevin. Okay, just talk. It was nothing personal. It's just that you were terrible at your job. No really. You were terrible at math and organization, time management, personal hygiene. Your internet searches were so filthy we had to throw our your computer. That's it. I missed you Kevin. I'm sorry guys. This is probably on me. I got hated on pretty hard when that auto-tune went viral.[video] Just sit here and cry, just sit here and cry! Oh I can so just sit here and cry. You guys are really mean. It can't end like this you know. Slept in my car last night, quit my job. b*rned all my bridges. And I did unspeakable things – You're just not good, you're just not good. – Are you insane? – You're just not good, you're just not good. – Chill out! [crying] Just sit here and cry... [watching at his bar] People actually dance to this. It's in my juke box. None of the money goes to Andy though. Well, this feels like a good place to stop. Let's thank all of our wonderful panelists for being here on this wonderful panel today. [audience claps] Next week at the Scranton Cultural Center don't forget, Irish Step Dancing semifinals. Winning team to Mid-Atlantic. [applause and scattering cheers] Right there, sir. [to Joan] See, I get what they are trying to do, but why are the graves so shallow? Oh. I finally mastered commitment. Hey, has anyone seen Ryan... or Kelly? Oh, that's it. Here. [hands Drake to Kevin] Call child services and report an abandoned baby. We'll find a better parent than Ryan in no time. Um, Kevin? Oh, I can help you with that. Yeah. I mean, I can find someone who will... who will love that beautiful little boy the way he deserves. Okay, I need a drink. Hey, bottom drawer. I didn't watch the whole documentary. After a few episodes, it was too painful. I kept wanting to scream at Pam. It took me so long to do so many important things. It's just hard to accept that I spent so many years being less happy than I could have been. Jim was 5 feet from my desk and it took me four years to get to him. It'd be great if people saw this documentary and learned from my mistakes. Not that I'm a tragic person. I'm really happy now. But...it would just...just make my heart soar if someone out there saw this and she said to herself "be strong, trust yourself, love yourself. Conquer your fears. Just go after what you want and act fast, because life just isn't that long." Hey, come here. You guys need to see this. Oh, I can so just sit here and cry. No, but I still have my medal from that. Why do you say that? Yeah, but you're not gay. You're not gay. [mimicking trumpet] Today marks several important milestones. Stanley, as you know, is retiring. No! And our next and most thickly frosted cake is...for...Kevin. Go ahead and just read the frosting. Uh-huh. Umm.... Toby, wait. Wait. Hold that thought. Here's your cake. [squirts frosting on the top] Bye, bye Toby. Very well! Drinks on me! Bartender! [Kevin turns around] Oh. I heard you bought a bar, Kevin. Okay, just talk. It was nothing personal. It's just that you were terrible at your job. No really. You were terrible at math and organization, time management, personal hygiene. Your internet searches were so filthy we had to throw our your computer. That's it. I missed you Kevin. I'm sorry guys. This is probably on me. I got hated on pretty hard when that auto-tune went viral.[video] Just sit here and cry, just sit here and cry! Oh I can so just sit here and cry. You guys are really mean. It can't end like this you know. Slept in my car last night, quit my job. b*rned all my bridges. And I did unspeakable things – You're just not good, you're just not good. – Are you insane? – You're just not good, you're just not good. – Chill out! [crying] Just sit here and cry... [watching at his bar] People actually dance to this. It's in my juke box. None of the money goes to Andy though. Well, this feels like a good place to stop. Let's thank all of our wonderful panelists for being here on this wonderful panel today. [audience claps] Next week at the Scranton Cultural Center don't forget, Irish Step Dancing semifinals. Winning team to Mid-Atlantic. [applause and scattering cheers] Right there, sir. [to Joan] See, I get what they are trying to do, but why are the graves so shallow? Oh. I finally mastered commitment. Hey, has anyone seen Ryan... or Kelly? Oh, that's it. Here. [hands Drake to Kevin] Call child services and report an abandoned baby. We'll find a better parent than Ryan in no time. Um, Kevin? Oh, I can help you with that. Yeah. I mean, I can find someone who will... who will love that beautiful little boy the way he deserves. Okay, I need a drink. Hey, bottom drawer. I didn't watch the whole documentary. After a few episodes, it was too painful. I kept wanting to scream at Pam. It took me so long to do so many important things. It's just hard to accept that I spent so many years being less happy than I could have been. Jim was 5 feet from my desk and it took me four years to get to him. It'd be great if people saw this documentary and learned from my mistakes. Not that I'm a tragic person. I'm really happy now. But...it would just...just make my heart soar if someone out there saw this and she said to herself "be strong, trust yourself, love yourself. Conquer your fears. Just go after what you want and act fast, because life just isn't that long." Hey, come here. You guys need to see this. Oh, I can so just sit here and cry. No, but I still have my medal from that. Why do you say that? Yeah, but you're not gay. You're not gay.