So how can I help you? Well this is America, so you should just get a job or something. Uh, if you asked me to do it, I'm sure I did it. Yeah, strawberries are ripe. Wait a minute. Michael, do something. We can relax. Let's get our Sweeney on. It's just good to stop a Michael train of thought early before it derails and destroys the entire town. It is? Wait! What you should do, Michael, is have a doctor take a look at it. Because we really don't know what that is. I never seen herpes on you. I don't even wanna know these things! Well I'm not gonna use my penis, Oscar! It's not exactly hard right now anyway. I'm doing this for you Meredith! Yes. Your two o'clock. [Danny enters] Danny Cordray. It's great to meet you. I'm gonna take off my coat, if you don't mind. It's a bit warm in here. Okay. Pull it together, all right? Stop lookin' at him. Well, actually, uh... no, Miss Van Helsing, that's not why I'm here. I'm here to meet you, see if we'd be a, you know, good fit. We should think of this as a first date. And I think it's going very well, how 'bout you? Stay- Oh, man! Meredith, I- Como estas, senor? Yeah, sure. You know what? I may have parked my car in a compact space, and I hate when I see others do that, so- I said stop. Okay, Danny...this is not Pennsylvania Solartech. This is Dunder-Mifflin Paper Company. This is Meredith Palmer- Fifty seven. Fifty eight. Got it. China has fifty six cities with a population of over one million. The US has... nine. Okay, now where were we before I bested Oscar? No? Good. Did anyone get drunk already? I wonder if these presents would be under as much scrutiny if I were white. Come on. Hi, Toby. Yeah. It's so cold. Even with my coat on. And Merry Christmas. I am. Zip it, Meredith. And you know those annoying geese at the park? Well, he's helping eradicate them as well. I mean, I think they've really become a pest. Yeah, just a little, I have a lot to deal with today. Over the weekend, Ryan Bailey Howard and I got divorced. [throws ring on the ground] Boo! Uh, it was. Speaking of, Gabe, I don't see Erin at this meeting. They're still good for another week. Hey, what's up guys? Michael's recommendation was glowing! And, honestly, he's been nothing but nice to me! Uh oh, looks like someone's sign is a little crooked. Uh, looks awful. Need a thumb tack? I will trade you for the used candle. Come on, its trash, like your sign, unless you have this. I want to be manager. I just don't understand why I wasn't even interviewed for the job. What's wrong? I was totally qualified, you were pushing for me. Here we go, alright got it? Set? [the door is ajar, Michael knocks lightly] Hello? [turns around to see Meredith walking towards her house] Do you usually leave your door unlocked? And ajar? Yes you did. That's right! Congratulations Meredith. We should head out. Which moves us to, Best Mom Dundie. [Pam gets ready and Jim smiles at her] I guess we all kinda consider her a mom around the office. Meredith Palmer! You know, herpes affects one in five sexually active adults? [manager looks up, angrily at Michael] Pippy Longstocking, Ronald McDonald's wife, Ron Howard, Ron Weasley, what do thay all have in common? Red heads. Erin Hannon, come on up here and receive your Cutest Red Head in the Office Award! [Erin looks thrilled and walks up to the stage] Nine million, nine hundred eighty six thousand minutes! That's like watching Die Hard, eighty thousand times! So this is the dream team. The dream team... and Meredith. [in conference room with the party planning committee] So Michael said we can do whatever we want cake-wise. What do we want? Hmm, let's hear here out. I would like to hear more about these cakes. [Angela and Pam look uncomfortable] Good God... I don't, I don't think we sh- [trying to find a pitch] Eeeeeeee... There's like this crazy ringing going on. I can't - eeeeeee... I can't find perfect C. Yeah, I actually know about nice rings and it is gorgeous. It's a little flashy. I mean, what am I? Naomi Judd? Uh-- I'm a woman. I would want to know. I got away with... everything, under the last boss, and it wasn't good for me, at all. So, I want guidance. I want leadership. But don't just, like, boss me around, you know? Like, lead me. Lead me... when I'm in the mood... to be led. Hey! Hey! Hey! Okay. Robert's in the annex, everybody think quick. What do these groups have in common? That's not it. Dwight! [Everyone's phone vibrates] Oh, text from Kevin. [spraying Meredith and Creed with water g*n] Loser. Losers. [Dwight holding up "L" to his forehead] Let me call you back. [Singing] rub a dub dub...I got scrubbed. ‘Sup, darlin'? Everybody, this is Justine. [murmurs of hello from the group] This is Jim and Oscar, everybody. Well I never got thanked for coming into a meeting and I always wanted to be so I'm gonna thank people. Twenty points. I like what we have. Jim, he's not gonna star- [Dog lunges for open window and barks] Bye. [Andy barks] Yeah. I don't know about Stephen King, I mean... Oh, god. I need you to call the billboard company. Which one did you see? I've seen this, that's not you. No. Dad, no. I'm just having a good time getting to know Andy's friends here. Look, I stayed up all night and I watched that gd wedding, and then I came to work and I made everyone else watch it all day. Meredith wasn't even here. I thought you were at your sister's funeral. What I said was, "My sister's funeral is this weekend." Didn't say I'd be there. [in the bathroom with Robert[ Yeah, I guess sometimes I have nightmares about being buried alive. Amongst them was a man, tall, slim. Pitiful. I don't want no Kwanza wreath, I don't need a dreidel in my face, that's it's own thing. And who's that black Santa for?! I don't care! I know Santa ain't black! I could care less. I want Christmas! Just give me plain baby Jesus, lying in a manger, Christmas! OK, bye. [helps Meredith off the floor] Alright Meredith, Let's go, let's go. Hang on. What? What is all that? It's junk! You're a hoarder. My god! [laughs while spray painting "Jim is Awesome" on his own car, talks to porcupine in carrier] What are we gonna do with all that bonus money, Henrietta? Huh? Sh, sh, sh, sh, shh. Oh my god. Thank you, goodnight. I'm sure I am not. Let's get you home. Uh, all right. We need to divide up into teams, but it's winner-take-all so no need to divide evenly. We need an A-team, a backup team and a just-have-fun team. So you guys all know yourselves. This man had a fatwa declared on him when- [Erin rings bell] Einsteins? What is it? Salman Rushdie is correct. [applause] Heading out to sea, sailors. On a square-rigged ship, the sale set furthest forward is called what? [Erin rings bell] No. [another bell rings] [rings bell] Les Jolies Choses. It was me. Oh, I don't know, Meredith. It seems like you shouldn't drive maybe ever. How do you know where I live? Why? Whoa, you guys, I just found this insane engagement ring. Is anyone missing this? [to Val] You know, I don't think I've ever been in this exact angle before. I was scared at first, but I like it. We're in the pool! To madness. [Robert laughs] Hey, um, I think you parked my car in. Is there any way you can move your van? Mine was actually a pretty boring case, so- You mean food truck. Ernesto's was a food truck. Oh, I'm sorry Stanley, I can't share any more details with you. You see, Andy rejected you. I have a new swimsuit I need to break in.... I loved it. Get the damn phone. Andy, who punched you? [smacks Meredith's head] [screams] [runs out] That may have been my fault. Make them kiss each other. My warcraft clan was still on speaking terms. All right, guys, stop. Well, yes, uh... there is the whole moving to Scranton nonsense. Thirty boxes arrived yesterday from England and two trunks from Florida. Then I have to move in to my apartment in this dreadful, God knows where it is backwater suburb of a suburb, and I mean, no offense but are there a lot of Irish people living around here?Kevin & I actually sleep better when it's raining. Me, I guess. [sings.] We're flying so high, we're crackin' the sky! Gonna fly out of this dome my girlfriend and I! Well, if you would like to talk about this some more, my office is always open! So here's my office number, and my cell number. Can you just smile, please? Okay everyone. I had a conversation with Bob, and since I am going to be CEO now there'll be no need for him. Oh, yes, yes I see that! Perfect. In the parking lot today there was a circus. The copier did tricks on the high-wire, a lady tried to give away a baby that looked like a cat. There was a Dwight impersonator and a Jim impersonator; a strong man crushed a turtle. I laughed and I cried. Not bad for a day in the life of a dog food company. I'm so sorry, Andy, but for twenty years, the most trusted man in America - Walter Cronkite. And Meredith is a blood relative of Lizzie Borden. [Reading from computer] "Statistical correlations exist between EMF radiation and various health hazards. But mainstream studies are inconclusive!" That means you can't make me do squat. I'm getting older. I'm losing my hair... So, we will be leaving the office for one whole week. [bumps into Meredith] Sorry. That's impossible. [Dwight climbs through ceiling hatch] Dwight! What are you doing? Banana cream is the first to go. We'll be lucky to get pumpkin at this point! [group gasps] Atta boy Clark! You think I don't have anxiety? I have anxiety all the time. Every waking moment of my life is sheer t*rture. I have land disputes I've got to settle and idiot cousins to protect. And ne'er- do- well siblings to take care of. But I don't need some stupid pill to get me through all this. Ah ha! Ha!!! The jig is up, psychopath! Ah yeah! Gotcha! Gotcha! Yeah! Let's see ya get out of this web, huh? Oh. The media can make you famous. And do you have any idea how easy it is to sell something when you're famous? [Pretends to be on phone] "Uh, yeah wow. 10 reams of 40 pound bond at only $690 after discount? Um, whatever you say, Brad Pitt." It's that easy. Yeah. He's in rehab actually. No, it's in New Mexico. Guys, we can't let Dwight blow this. An account this size could double our growth. That means raises, bonuses... Pizza Friday could come back. No, I'm sorry but that is true. Thank you. I'm so proud of them. I carried each one of them for nine months inside of my torso and then pushed them out of my vag*na. It was, uh in the authentic design, right? So I mean, you really felt like Michael Jordan was wearing these shoes, so ... These are my painting clothes.I think I'm gonna do it. I am really gonna start painting the warehouse mural today. [Jim applauds] I wait. This next card comes to us thanks to Meredith Palmer, who called Eastern Pennsylvania Seminary a, quote ‘sausage factory.' [approving cheers] No!! I could get us a complaint. There are a bunch of construction workers in the warehouse without their trousers, drinking diet sodas. You have got to see this. They're extraordinary. I'm so sorry. I knew the party was today, but nobody asked me to plan it, so I didn't. Hmm, funny how that works. No. I want Tropical Christmas. [Plays a trumpet] And Pennsylvania Dutch Christmas has officially g*n. Can't wait. Aah! Ow! Hey Meredith, I need your supplier requests today. He didn't leave me. He just went part time. [Meredith scratches her head vigorously] Can you just fill out the form please? I'm sure she's just confused. People scratch their heads when they're confused. Not always like an ape, the way Meredith just did, but it happens. Pam, really? Come on. Hey, Meredith I need to tell you something. Oh my God, Meredith what are you doing!? Oh stop! I am so sorry! I can appreciate that. I also only eat local, organic produce. Wow. Bald people make me sick. No, no, it's not a big deal, please. No. Um, Meredith can I get you something special while I'm at the store, candy, or...or one of those stylish turbans? You don't want bugs. You know? Who knows where those bugs will end up? Oh my God. [everyone yelling at Pam]You guys, I am so sorry! It's just been so chaotic with Jim gone, that... I meant to say something earlier. I just... Just? Just what? Just forgot? Hey honey, it's me. Just trying to catch you before going home. Um, oh, well just give me a call whenever. Hope your day got better. Love you. I'm just gonna go home. My mom's been watching the kids all day. Really? A beer sounds incredible right now. Meredith, I am so sorry about today. I just did not realize how hard it was gonna be without Jim. I mean, I really respect you for being a single mom all these years. It whipped my ass in half a week. I have to say, there are not a lot of people who could pull off a shaved head, but you are rocking it. [Pam and Meredith singing karaoke] This one's for all you ladies out there. Clark! Women reach their sexual peak at whatever age Jan was last week. I mean it was... like making love with a wild animal. But not like a cougar like you might think. It was uh... like a swarm of bees. Bees that just find something wrong with every hotel room. What's with the wig Meredith? My friend has one of these. Fool-proof espresso every time. Whoo! Wait! [looking at the hardwood floor beneath the carpet] It's beautiful. Hardwood! I always knew it was down here, I just never dreamed that I would actually see it. I'm just gonna say this one more time. Pete and I haven't done anything. No. I was clearing my throat. Sure. Oh, hey Meredith. Uh, listen, they're cracking down on us talking to the subjects. It's a lame rule, but, you know, I wanna... I, I'll see you later. They smell so bad. Meredith, I tell you all the time. Different colored paint. I wanted different colored paint in the spots where they put their paint. So, it just is... OK, the point is, these warehouse guys are vandals. And, they need to be stopped. I say we all have one last fun boss-less day. I'm not going to rat on him. No, Andy gave me a second chance. So, the least I could do is let somebody else rat on him. Meredith, why don't you? That's kinda uncool, man. That's her private property. What does that even mean? Andy. That is her private property. Thank you! Thanks, thanks a lot. Really appreciate it. You guys are supposed to have my back. OK? Instead you let a guy named Plop steal my girlfriend. Ugh. Ok, great. Thanks. So, we're all agreed? No one touches those cupcakes? Hey, uh, I just wanted to say I'm sorry for screwing you. No! Be careful. I pulled my mom's dog off a pillow once, and I got bit. Are you kidding me? It's like half the show is secret footage. Oh! It's all right. Andy approved it. I once believed that a gay person could be somewhat straight. It wasn't until my marriage to Angela that I realized how...charmless I find the female body. Oh, thank god. Because sales could be your best role yet. Gotta write that down. Ok, big day today. Airing of the documentary. Who's excited? A good assistant knows what their superior is thinking before they even think it. Meredith, what number am I thinking of right now? Oh, my bad. Goodbye, everybody. Get upstairs, mister! We're all a little hormonal with the doc airing. Did we ever have lunch together, just—just the two of us? You know what, I'm gonna make reservations right now at Cugino's. Oh, oh, I'm sure we did. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Wait a minute. Okay, I made the mistake of sneaking out of here and that's on me. But I'm not gonna spend the rest of the day here doing stuff with you cause you're feeling sentimental. Ok, I've got my— Ah, I've been looking forward to this day since I was 18 years old. That is all. Have a good morning. Hey-OH! Hey! Yes. Wait, what is this? Oh, man. Uh, that seems inappropriate. Okay. Oh geeze. [Jakey starts dancing on Angela]. Oh, my God! Okay, if anything, this is rougher. Stop it Meredith. I wanna know how everyone felt they were portrayed. Was it accurate? 00. Come on, everybody's going. Yeah, we all need a drink. [opening Meredith's drawer] What the...there's only dandelion tea and raisins in here. It all seems so very arbitrary. I applied for a job at this company because they were hiring. I took a desk at the back because it was empty. But...[chuckles] no matter how you get there or where you end up, human beings have this miraculous gift to make that place home. [standing with two cops] Let's do this. Ah, I've been looking forward to this day since I was 18 years old. That is all. Have a good morning. Hey-OH! Hey! Yes. Wait, what is this? Oh, man. Uh, that seems inappropriate. Okay. Oh geeze. [Jakey starts dancing on Angela]. Oh, my God! Okay, if anything, this is rougher. Stop it Meredith. I wanna know how everyone felt they were portrayed. Was it accurate? 00. Come on, everybody's going. Yeah, we all need a drink. [opening Meredith's drawer] What the...there's only dandelion tea and raisins in here. It all seems so very arbitrary. I applied for a job at this company because they were hiring. I took a desk at the back because it was empty. But...[chuckles] no matter how you get there or where you end up, human beings have this miraculous gift to make that place home. [standing with two cops] Let's do this.