Go, go, go, go! Whoo! We did it! [everyone starts cheering] That kid is the worst. Needs to be fired, Michael. He's got to go, Mike. You don't have to yell. What for? To get some ice cream for everybody. It's national ice cream afternoon. Great. And another thing I did this summer, I hired my nephew. Having Luke here is a pretty big deal for me, because his mother, who also happens to be my half-sister, kind of cut me off from that side of the family 15 years a- 14. The last time I saw Luke was the opening day of 'Ace Ventura II' and that was '95, so yes, 15 years on the dot. Anyway, I lost him in a forest. Why is there a circle with a line through it? Yeah, but it's like you're saying we should bother Luke. Don't don't bother Luke. Got it. Hey, why can't we bother Luke? He deserves it. That'd be hilarious. Uh, "Jo, they're creating a hostile work environment. Stop 'em." How close? Guys, I think Michael and Luke are related. What? Michael, that's nepotism. Luke is getting special treatment because he's your nephew. What's wrong with a level playing field? I couldn't care less about nepotism. But, I'm loving the debate. Great minds battling it out. And I've got a front row seat. That's a really tight argument. But you're comparing you and Luke to God and Jesus. This is hypothetical. We're talking about Luke who happens to be terrible. If there's nothing wrong with this, Michael, why have you been keeping it a secret? Hey! Ice cream afternoon! I came down here to feed the feral cats like I usually do and I found something unsavory in the back of your nephew's car. Well, take a look. It's all the packages he was supposed to overnight. He never bothered to send them. Yep. That's exactly what my first thought was. And then I remembered having a conversation with him where he was like, "I don't own an Ebay store," so... Oh my gosh, those are the pants he wanted to return to Talbots. You get that kid to open this car, or I'm gonna do it myself... by calling Tripple A. [breaks into the car] I'm in. I'm sorry, do you want to try them on again to see. Why is this my problem, Michael? Lower yourself, Gabe. I don't wanna be having a conversation with your crotch. Ok, educate me now why you won't f*re the boy. Which are? Oh, God. How far has it gone? Well, I got a nephew too. But he don't work for me. You know why? Cause he's a screw-up. He can swim in my pool but he can't come in my house. If you keep him, Michael, I'm gonna hold you accountable for him. You're on the hook for this kid. You got that? Cover his ass like tighty-whities. Was how I put it not clear enough? I mean, you had to go and make up your own saying? Deal with it, boys. You've gotta be kidding me. What? I'm stopping it. That's what you said. So you just want me to move it? You're being totally unclear here. I'm just gonna go ahead and move it. [points it at Angela's chest] All right, fine. Fine. I'll just go. I'm gone. Sack up, man. No. Five, four... Three, two, one. No! What the? What the hell was that? Hey, [bleep] this! Screw it! Michael, you just physically as*ault an employee. Can we talk in private? [Phyllis and Andy act out Luke getting spanked] No, no, no, no. It's the other hand. Right hand. Yeah. Legal says the best way to protect us from a lawsuit is to call this a stress-induced outburst. You will have to undergo six sessions of counseling. Good. Well, that's the spirit. And, uh, you will do your counseling right here, because our HR staff are all certified counselors. Yeah, I'm really looking forward to working with you, Michael. What's something that you... This is the worst! You are the worst! I hate looking at your face! I wanna smash it! Michael has been assigned six hours of mandatory counseling with a trained professional. I actually have a degree in social work. I mean, I know a lot of people would ask a few standard questions, and check off a few boxes, but I've got a chance to do some good here. We can do this with more privacy. Uh... what was your favorite flavor of... What? Ok, I can't count the hour if you don't talk. Michael, it's up to me to check off the boxes, and I can't do that unless I honestly... I think we might be about to maybe really get somewhere. There are a few ways to get promoted. One is to wait for an opening and apply for it. That's the main way. But this could work. Of course. [in a cockney accent] I think he's got it! Come on Michael. Those are all fake stories. We can play something more complicated if you like. So you have played it before? Who's Jeff? So, her husband, your stepdad? Did you guys do much stuff together? Its really sad that your dog ran away. Why did it keep you from going to the park? Why? Dogs don't do that. I don't know. It's very important for you to be liked, isn't it? I'm just trying to help you Michael. I just want to... [tossing forms at Michael] Just fill them out any way you want. I'll have Erin fax them back to corporate. Oh, ok! You filled them in and faxed them yourself! You remember that. Unless part of you made that mistake on purpose. The Demon Barber of Fleet Street. We open in a couple weeks at the Loose Screw Playhouse here in Scranton and today just doing a wee bit of viral marketing. Like a month ago. What kind of terrible rumor monger is Gabe? He is woefully misinformed, all right? Excuse me, clink, clink, clink, clink, everybody. You're all coming to my show tonight, right? 8pm sharp. Hour forty-five. Nope, can't make it. It would mean so much to me if you came to my show tonight. If it makes you feel any better, no one who auditioned for the part of Sweeney Todd got that part. They had to bring in a ringer. This guy's like world-class. You should not feel bad. I'm asking you thespian to thespian. Will you please be the bigger man and come to my show? Noishe! Yeah, I know. Neiche! You brought balloons to a play? It's nice, like Up. Excuse me, are you the guy who did an entire Law & Order episode for his audition? I understand. This is, like, huge opportunity for her. Hey, I think this guy playing Sweeney Todd is my plumber. No, it's my plumber. Says so in his bio. Apparently the director discovered him doing karaoke. It's his first play. He didn't even audition. Shhh. If we don't listen to the overture, we won't recognize the musical themes when they come back later. Michael! Shelby Thomas Weemes, the director. I promise you that if you keep auditioning with similar gusto... We are going to find a production with a role for Michael Scott. Yes? Good. Enjoy the second act. Have a refreshment. There's a little bird fluttering around. Do hope it ceases chirping. [audience laughs] Not together! Where's my car? Come on. I had no idea. This plumber has pipes! You're the guy who booed me. No, I saw you, and you were the only one. You didn't have to boo him. How would you like it if we booed you? Boo! Boo! Boo! Boo! Found him! Yeah, I guess you could say that. It was an amateur production, technically. Stop just saying that. Thank you. That feels good. Oh, come on, Andy, you were the highlight. [sings Macy Gray's "I Try" and everyone joins in] Thanks you. [giggles] Terrific! [seeing a large red spot on Michael's lip] God! Wow! That's no pimple Michael. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. It's just a cold sore. Yup, just a cold sore. I know how you got it. [smug expression on his face] Michael come on. A cold sore is herpes. Michael, have you ever been tested for STDs? That was like, ten years ago. Michael, you're at least forty six! [walking in] Hey guys! [Angela leaves the table, exhales as she exits the room] Some eggs can rely dormant in a woman for years, they may not even know they have it. What port? The Jan port. The Holly Por... You may have... You need to contact Holly! You need to notify her, that she is crawling with herpes. You need to contact every woman you've been with, and notify them of your herpes infestation. It's the right thing to do. Then I will. [on phone] Hello? Michael, I didn't think I'd here from you. How have you been? Oh no. Oh my God. Wait, you're calling to tell me that you have herpes? Ummm, no. No! He doesn't. Are you telling me I have to get tested? [on phone] This is Holly. No this is Holly. No, this is Michael Scott. I am calling because, there's a terrible crash! A lot of people. Three nuns, [Michael laughs] from a Missionary in South Africa. [singing] Ba na na na na. Hot pizza, check it and see. Ba na na na. Got a whole bunch of pepperoni. Ba na na na na. [stops singing] Yeah, now you're looking at me. Anyone who's interested in entering into an honest discussion about the sexual mores and taboos of modern society will be rewarded with a pizza break. Yeah. I don't think we'd have kids. It was just for a few weeks! [sternly] Michael, I have been dating A.J. for a year and a half now. You do this you know. You romanticize things. Michael, you cried at that tagline for a movie you made up. You made ourselves to be more than we were. I don't know what you're getting so upset about, we had to break up a long time ago, it was a good memory. [to the camera] He forgot to mention the herpes. How do I do it? Raise my daughter, work as director of office purchasing for this hospital and release an album of Dorris Day covers on my own label? If I knew I'd tell you. Yeah I'm really happy. Me and Astrid against the world. [laughs] We're loving it, yeah. I'm kind of a supermom. Are you gonna keep me in suspense? [Michael sighs] Ok I'm gonna head outta here, I know you have a lot to talk about. Ok, is there a, an operating theater that's open to visitors? Never mind I'll find it. No, so what couldn't wait? Michael Scott, you are here for a post mortem. No! In the beginning we were not good. Well if there's anything exciting about it it's because we both knew it was wrong! No, ok. Imagine there's a princess, who falls for a guy beneath her station, and the queen doesn't like this at all. And the princess knows that the queen doesn't like it so it just makes her wanna do it all the more just to get at the queen! No I'm the princess, and the queen. You might have learned shapes, or blocks, or clocks, or colors. Or you might have learned that we're all, sisters and brothers. I have herpes. Next stop is Helene. You're gonna wanna make a left on Willow, which is a little ways away, uh. I'll remind you. Jan knows paper. Wait, what Holly said? Forget it Michael! Today is about herpes. Who gave it to you, who has it, and who is going to pay. TO answer your question about Jan, no. Jan is insane. Why do you think I got- LEFT, WILLOW NOW! I'M TRYING! GOD! Who are you? Michael? It'll go away in time just don't touch it. What did you think we were? I think for you to have come here even expecting that we can have a conversation like this show's ho-how self deluded you are! Michael, your memory has failed you greatly. So this is the chef's kitchen, which makes it perfect for real entertainers. Michael. I'm great! How are you? You didn't call my office and ask where I was? Because the receptionist told me a man called but he only said he was my ex-lover. Yeah. I'll let this slide, but I expect you to put this whole Erin thing behind you. It's a family room. Michael why are you here? You know, we all do that. What? Did you have that while we were together? Oh! Oh, that's what you're talking about? Did the doctor check it out? Yes, yes Michael. Actually you do make a bigger deal out of things than you need to. You proposed to me on our fourth date. Well so do I, but we didn't love each other at first either. I don't know what you were thinking! [on answering machine] This is Holly Flax, I can't come to the phone right now but please leave a message after the sound of the tiny truck backing up. [BEEP] What is this about? Yes! What? It was probably just an ingrown mustache hair but we have to be exhaustive. I'm gonna need a list of every man you've ever had sex with. I'm talking train stations, men's rooms... Fence with a hole in it.. The woods behind the liquor store, the swamp behind the old folk's home. The democratic primaries, Huh? Okay. Yes, it is. [crashing sound] Michael! Oh... Are you sure you once knew how to do this? Just steer more now. No! No! He's not just here for the coffee, Jim. Wake up! Hey, it's Jim. Listen, this is important. Are you busy? You are busy! We're in a meeting! Listen, you gotta get over here, 'cause we're pitching Steve Nash and Danny Cordray is here. The big g*n thing. [Dwight grabs at phone] Stop! You don't look reluctant, Michael. You look really eager. You don't? There he is. No, that's him. Danny Cordray, Osprey Paper. Three of you guys for one sale. Well, whatever works for ya. Anyway. All right. It's good to see you guys. Nice to meet you. He's ready for you. I've been in showtime mode since breakfast. Showtime! It's showtime! Oh...never mind. Let's go. Michael, I appreciate everything that Dunder-Mifflin has done for this company. That's very generous, but- He's not kidding. Thanks for coming in. Thank you. Yes, you did. Stop it. Just stop it. We did what we should have done, we just got bested. [pounds the elevator button] Why is there a door close button if it doesn't even close the door? How do I feel about losing the sale? It's like if Michael Phelps came out of retirement, jumped in the pool, belly-flopped, and drowned. We sell better? I would like to stay. This pertains to me. Why do you always assume I have diabetes? I could try to seduce him. This is weird. A what? I think you mean The Sting. Okay. But what is he more famous for? You know this isn't real TV, right? Hel-lo! People can't keep their true natures hidden for long, and this guy is smoldering like a tire f*re. Okay, he's not that good-looking. I don't understand why everybody's obsessed with this- He's very, very handsome. That's a great set of shoulder's you got there. What is that...Genetics? Creatine? [phone rings] Sorry. Yeah? What do you mean? Ha ha, okay, there you go! [phone rings, Meredith answers] Well, we'll get this...[Meredith unbuttons] Great. Sounds awesome. Just have him pitch to you. Danny, I feel a real connection to you, and I gotta get real, I'm- No, no, no, no... Michael! No, Michael, stop it! No! Michael Scott. Please to meet you- Hmm. But from where? Okay, so you...set up this fake company, then you hired this homeless woman to impersonate an executive to spy on me so that you could copy my sales technique? Or...crazy. I'm gonna go. Oh, well then, yeah. All right. Hey! [knocking on wall] Good luck, guys. Seems like you got a great operation here. What do you mean, my tricks? There's no tricks, man. I'm just a good salesman. You wanna copy that? You can't copy that! [opens door to leave] Sure. You seem like a fun, professional guy. [opening door again to leave] No! Get out of my way. I swear to God, I'm gonna h*t you. I didn't mean that. I'm sorry. I'm not-it's just I'm very upset right now. I'm very upset! More freedom. I can give you more money-there's your better life. I can let you come and go as you please-there's your freedom. And you already know Dunder-Mifflin has the best service and the best prices, but you b*at us anyway. Can you imagine how well you would do selling our stuff? [bleep] me! Yeah, I can see that. Thanks, Kevin. Michael? Can I talk to you about something? It's about this very announcement you just made. Michael- Michael, I think you really want to talk to him. You hired him? Stay the same. It's not gonna get better; he's gonna steal all of our clients. Where's he gonna sit? There's no more seats. Where's he gonna park? There's no more reserved parking spots. Thanks. Shh! Shhh! [watches Jim put a cardboard box over Stanley's monitor] Dunder Mifflin, this is Erin! Happy Halloween! How can I haunt you today? [dressed as Lady Gaga] In case you can't read m-m-my Poker Face... [laughs] we will be reviewing our sales policies. [accepts note from Michael, reads it out loud] I have ten seconds to read them or this whole place blows up. Lame. Why don't witches wear panties? Because they need to grip the broom! When our warehouse workers make deliveries, they're going to be encouraged to offer clients extra products. And then they will split those commissions with sales. Okay, guys, fun is fun, but- Dracula. Yes. I do remember saying something like that to you. I'm just glad we're gonna try it out. Yeah. We're cool. What's under your shirt? Oh. It's a ream of paper. Thought you might h*t me. Madge from the warehouse just made her first sale. Madge. We should have been doing this a long time ago. [answers phone] Hello? I'm good. This is embarrassing, Michael. [leans over toward Erin] Um, h*t the speakerphone button. The speakerphone button? The same button as you h*t before... or sit on it. So, what happened? Oh! [fumbles for phone] Screw corporate! They probably stole the idea anyway. Uh uh. Corporate stole nothing, okay? Darryl told me, and then I told them, giving Darryl full credit, so... no need to [mimicking Andy] screw corporate! Or anything like that, so. Let's give Darryl a round of applause, as planned. [claps] He went to Gabe behind your back. He went over your head to go behind your back. No. Shh. Michael, listen. This cannot stand. We can't have workers going straight to corporate. Makes your job superfluous. Garbage magnet. [throws magnet] Garbage magnet, God! Magnets are interesting enough, you don't need to tart them up with some design. [to Michael] I can't believe this doesn't make you mad! Hmm, Kevin and Gabe. Probably about the extremes of the human physique. I am so sorry. I just thought- Well, Gabe asked me if there were any really cool Lady Gaga moves that he could do for the catwalk. And so then I tol-[tries not to cry] I told him that there was this one cool move where she powers down like a robot. Okay? But I- I am so sorry that I didn't tell you first. [hysterical] You think that I would let this happen again?! NO WAY JOSE. Hmm-mm. I'm not mad. Are you mad? Well, I'm sorry if it seems that way to you. Mike. You made a bad call. And I fixed it. So I'm not apologizing. That's it. Pam. Can you vote for other people? Yeah, I gotta get in on this. [mocking Darryl] Hey, it's cool, man, I work in the warehouse! I'm cool! I'm hip and I'm jive! And I don't care about nobody! Do you know who I am? Happy Halloween, jerk! Michael, this is a bad idea. Dressing up as somebody-I mean, when has that ever worked for you? What should we ask? He says no. No. I know how to sit on a fence. Hell, I can even sleep on a fence. The trick is to do it face down with the post in your mouth. In the future, you need to get Michael's approval on anything before coming to me. Okay, well, obviously if it's a really, really good idea, my door is open. You said no to this one! What have you done for me? What have you done for me? Ohh. Dropping b*mb, right? [expl*si*n noise] This really make you think, Michael? Yeah. You're right, we don't need a hat. Okay. We're going to table the hat question. The best ideas are going to come to me, I make the final decision, period. Okay, why don't we simplify this? Darryl brings it to Michael, Michael brings it to me, no one calls Jo. Cool. Okay. Sorry I lied. Sorry I was a jerk. I heard your momma had more bacteria per square inch than a toilet seat. Stop. Nope. Hope you brought your pipes. We're about to smoke the opium of the masses. Oh, yes. [mimicking smoking] Doobie-doobie doo. Sunday church service... it's been a few years. The Big Guy and I, we got some catching up to do. Oh, Michael, this is just for family. It is really funny, but you know that can be confusing at a christening because you are not the godfather. [whispers to Pam] Ok, your turn. Okay, Michael. Um, you know I love when you do that voice, but today, I'm so sorry. I need you to tell me that you know you're not Cece's godfather. I'm sorry, Michael. I need you to say it. I'm so sorry. Okay, thank you. Our friend, Seth, and his wife there. No, I met his wife in Mommy and Me. They're a great couple. You should meet them later. Okay. Thank you for coming, Michael. Good morning. At this time, will the families please come join me? [to Michael] Hi. Good morning. Good morning. Shh, shh, shh. Good morning. Okay, well, you know what? Everybody's hungry. [Pam looks at Jim] Sorry. I think I'm just hungry. Oh, no, after you. [laughs] I'm gonna use that one. Have a good lunch. I cancelled my plans to come to this thing, and they repay me with this? I would run to Mexico if that's where the sandwiches are. Right now, Jessica's children have to walk twelve miles to a school with dirt floors. Greg, hello, it's Dwight from the vestibule. You want to know my eleventh commandment? I will not be undersold. I am ready to love thy neighbor with these kind of discounts. What if the moon was your car and Jupiter was your hair brush? All right. And cider. Why do we have to do something together? I volunteer at a clinic on my own time. We are hanging out-right now. You want some more of this? Church isn't a party, Michael. Welcome to the party. Everybody have their kool-aid? Fine, fine. I guess I'll watch Suzanne's purse and your baby. [standing in a line saying goodbye to the kids going to Mexico] Bye. Good luck. Good luck to you. Bye. Do good. Do good. Bye. Have fun. We're proud of you. [starts to walk down through the line and into the bus] Bye. Okay. Yeah! [cheers, applause] Are you coming? Heck, yes. [seeing Michael on the bus] Michael. Get off the bus. Michael, this is irresponsible. Well, you have a job to do. Okay, there is no off-season when it comes to printer sales. [sticking his head out Michael's window on the bus] You don't need one to get in. Plus, we can just have it sent to him down in Mexico. Michael, what am I supposed to tell my clients if they ask about you? Okay, but what about the bigger corporate accounts? Michael, I'm just about to close a sale. Can I authorize a 15% discount? I think it's really cool, Michael. I wish I had a job that I could just leave. Whatever. I won't-I won't stand for it. If the whole world were like you guys, we wouldn't have so many problems. I know. Nobody I know would leave their jobs and friends and families to do manual labor for three months. Good-bye, Lackawana County. Well, two days minus how long we've been on the road. 45 minutes? So, like, two days basically. Maybe more. I don't know, I thought it was like a gymnasium or... They don't know how. Well, Carla knows. Oh, trying to sleep. Do you smell like a weird, warm cheese? And the Christmas party. Nah, no. We'll be back before that. Yeah. Yeah, a little bit. I did. I can make myself cry. Maybe we'll stop in Tennesseee. It's not safe to talk to a driver. Hey, is there a problem, you guys? Just make him stop the freaking bus! Are you okay, sir? You have plenty left to give. You're doing- It doesn't matter. If we went to Mexico, we'd probably screw everything up anyway. Okay, stop the dang bus. [driving up to pick up Michael, Andy, and kid off the road] Get in quick. Do you guys want me to take you home or go back to the church? No, actually most of them went to go see a movie. Yeah. Kevin suggested it, and then they all went in Meredith's minivan. Police have now surrounded the apartment complex. No! I bet he's wishing he was strangling someone! Ok, that's our street! That's our street! He's going down our street! [runs out of conference room.] Come on everybody! [all quickly follow] [on sidewalk] There it is! I saw it! I saw it! He went right by! You missed it! [all groan] Michael! Gabe and I are having a party, and everyone's invited, and it's at his house apartment and we're gonna watch Glee. Yeah it's a TV show... I... Uhh. It's just that it's our first party together so... [sad] Okay, sorry. Wait which one? Good me too! Why would I hide it! [giggling] Hey, you going tonight? Yeah! You gotta go to the boss's party! No he's not the boss. 'Cause, you're the boss! [to Michael at Gabe's apartment] It's make your own pizza night. Isn't Gabe's place so nice? Look at the size of those wine glasses Michael! Those posters used to be real French ads. So these are your cheeses, your ham, your sausages, your herbs, and your vegetables. Here's what's been done, so start creating. Some times it helps to think of a part of the world, and... [interrupting] Okay okay okay. Gabe likes to entertain a lot, ad he cooks in an oven, and all that jazz. I just have a different life style. They have these bags of vegetables that steam right inside their own bag. So I'll get a few ingredients, sit down in front of the TV, a bag of vegetables, before you know it I'm ready for bed! You don't really toss the dough. You have to stop. [takes remote] It's a little loud... [lowers volum] Some of us are trying to have a conversation. I'll just turn the captions on. That's for the other box. [enters on Michael alone sitting on a bed watching Glee] Michael? Maybe you should try gong in the other room again. You can have my seat. It's closer to the TV. It'll seem louder. Yeah. Look who I found! [points to Michael] Let's go ahead and wash our hands. Yep! Waste not right? Michael knows everything there is to know about snacks, Gabe was born in 1982. He was the longest baby in the hospital. Erin you don't have to... Michael! You are making this harder than it has to be. Surprise me. No! Pepperoni. [Michael walks into disarray of people's reactions to the TV going out] Where you been? Cable's out. It's still on upstairs. [receiving message on his phone] Hey! Puck and Finn worked it out, and the solo is now a duet. No. I can't believe we're missing that! [Michael is outside fixing the cable box] You did this? Why don't you like him? I care ifyoulike him. Okay... What? [confused] [slowly getting it] Uhm, I'm not going to my room. You listen to me. You arenotto tell me what to do. I hate your roof! I'll raise it how I want! I'll raise the roof! See ya Oscar! [Oscar leaves] [enters, looks to Gabe] If you break that girl's heart, I will k*ll you. It's just a figure of speech. But seriously, if you break that girl's heart I will literally k*ll you and your entire family. [lights and power go off] Uh-Oh. Okay, okay, nobody panic. Listen Up, listen up. [Turns On Flashlight and holds it to his face] Everyone, follow me to the shelter. We've got enough food for 14 days. After that, we have a difficult conversation. Uh, it's saying the server went down? Does Anybody know that password? 'Cause otherwise we can't do any work. Wait, um, does anyone remember when it was set up? Why don't we just call the I.T. Guy who set it up? What's the name of the guy in Glasses, again? I got it, try, um--[Coughs] Yes. The important thing is... this kept us secure people. Hey, I'm WUPHF. What's up Facebook? You should've sent me a WUPHF. WUPHF.Ryan and WUPHF! Yes, I invested in WUPHF. It's actually a great idea and I can't believe it didn't exist before. And I know Ryan's kind of a sketchy guy, but hey, I married Jim. I've done my part for the nice guy. Now I want a bedroom set. I love it. Great, so we got our first offer to buy the company. We could sell, but why think so small? We can just get a couple more people involved, really do this thing our way. New Investors are key, though. That's actually why I came in today. [chuckles] Today, I was thinking I would sit down with a few of the people who haven't invested yet. Or we could do that together, if that sounds fun to you. My gym allows it. I wish they didn't, but it's policy. So I respect it, and I just--[put's his hands cupped by his face and turns away] keep a low--you know, I look away. Think about your commission cap as a naked old man in a gym locker room. You don't have our attention. You had me at "Sex." You have all of our attention just by screaming anything. What do you want to say, Michael? How's everybody doing?! For my current investors, things are going great. Washington University. I don't even want to think about selling until our numbers get into the billions. No, no--Oscar, it's not--it's not a digital r*pe whistle. WUPHF is about fun. Bankruptcy? How long do you think a week is? All that color. Well, earlier today, I was emailing someone by the name of John Legend. I want my money back. WUPHF T-Shirts. Who wants one? Just imagine that you're at spring break, Daytona Beach. Everyone's like, "Hey Dude, whats up with all the hotties in the WUPHF shirts?" Or, Uh, "Hey, what's up with that helicopter? It's Ry from WUPHF!" "Yo, Ry from WUPHF!" "What's he dropping?! Wow, what's falling on us, man?!" WUPHF condoms! 50,000 condoms out of the sky! That sounds weird. If everybody wants to sell, we sell, right? Yes. You alone do, actually. Hi, Michael. Oh, we don't recycle. I'm sure no one asked you to do that. Listen, I know you really like Ryan-- Michael, I... [sits down] I hate to say this, but... you know this special bond that you've always felt with Ryan, where, like, you're best friends or you're his mentor or something? Michael, I think that feeling only goes one way. And I think that Ryan knows that, and he's taking advantage of you. And there are a lot of other people in this office who have money at stake. Other people you care about. Don't. Yeah, but in a jokey way where you're gonna start singing. Okay. Go Ahead. Michael, how's it going, bro? Hey, thanks so much for having my back out there. I have nothing but ideas. The thing is, they all require money. Look, I know I've tapped you so hard. [laughs] Oh, you are funny, Michael. You--people, people don't give you enough credit. Well, a lot of people are doing that. And there don't seem to be any consequences. And they say the rates have never been lower. Think about this. You and me on a private plane flown by our private pilot-- Eating our private meal cooked by our private chef. We totally should. I gotta work on this. It's a bad bet. All those in favor of selling, say aye. [all say "aye"] Michael, are you that blind? You're gonna lose all of our money. Oh... Uh, That's a lot of pressure. I--I'm gonna need some more time. Angela? [slides open the door] Angela! [see's a note on the door, reads it, and then crumples it up] WUPHF, from Ryan Howard. Decided to sell company. Thanks, bro. Hell of a ride. Owning a building is a w*r between the landlord and the tenant. Not a literal w*r, unfortunately, but I am using the same tactics. I've surrounded the enemy, and I'm slowly starving them. To save on electricity I've installed a timer and motion sensors on the lights. It's part of my green initiative. And by green, I mean money. How was the dentist? Are you okay, what's wrong? Yeah, its where they make stuff. Oh, no. China is on the move? I found that in the waiting room at the dentist's office. This kid had the magazine I wanted to read, that's the only one I could reach and I read it and then I read it again. Oh my God. According to the internet, the tallest man in the world is Chinese. What's America gonna do? I know what we're going to do. We're going to put our best minds on it. You never told us to close them. What do we do? How do we stop this? An idea bigger than the Grand Canyon? An antacid that you only take once a week. Why not just go one for the year? It's too big of a pill to swallow. I think that's what they're doing to me. I can't prove it, but I wanted to see their faces when I said it. I learned nothing. Yeah, Dwight's right we should drop a b*mb. Thank God. Michael, China's agrarian. Urbanizing fast? You bet 'cha, but still agrarian. Come on Michael. You can... Where are you getting this information? Great. I was wrong. I'm wrong. Is everyone happy? So I happen to know more than the smartest guy in the office. So what? [laughs] I don't care. Michael do something about this. Funny Jim. That is funny. Michael, how do I create a new tab? That's print. Hey Michael. I was thinking about some of the stuff you said earlier about China. I'd love to talk more about it. Maybe over some coffee later? Woah, woah, woah. Do you know what you just agreed to? He's trying to set you up Michael. What's going to happen is he's going to try and bring up what ever you're talking about in a very casual way, but secretly he'll be trying to trip you up, and when he does, boom, its awful. Haven't you noticed that I don't bring up the Tour de France around him? And then he will smugly pay the cheque and make you feel so small. No politics? Where is Tibet? When was China founded? Who is Mao? Damn it. Michael, you are moments away from the smack down of your life. If you don't know something, steer the conversation back to something you do know. This guy doesn't just wanna win. Y'know, he want's to bury you. He wants to humiliate you! I'm like a quarter of the way through. Just in case Michael, I made you a cheat sheet. Michael, the reason I asked you down here for this chat is that I've been thinking that your fears about China are a bit exaggerated. We have m*ssile too. Yeah. Actually, we're in a mild recession right now. I'll give you that, but people use China as the boogie man for all their problems. In the nineteen eighties, it was Japan. Do you really think that manufacturing is a relevant indicator of where the world economy's heading in 2011? Do you know the comparative expansion of say the information sector? I'd say that's far more relevant. Wouldn't you? Don't worry about the coffee, its on me. Michael, I am so happy that we were able to have this little chat. What? f*re him. No, show mercy. What's your point. Right, yes. That's not. Okay let's go in. I'm freezing. Let's just jump in the air! One, two, three. [everyone jumps at different times] Not everyone jumped. Is this worth it? Why? Okay, on three. Uh, everyone in the air. Three, [some people jump] two, [others jump] one, [others jump] zero. [everyone begins to yell] Why's it smell real? [Pam shows him a hidden car-freshener] Ah... good one. Merry Christmas. Good. Great. Nope. Not yet! Nothing. Should be fun. [cheerily] Pam got those sugar-free cookies I like. I'm doing fine. Yea? All good, Santa. Well, that's a relief. Santa's gonna take some much-needed free time. Alright. Good! Before we kick off the party, I just want to remind everyone that an office party is just that... A party. It's not an excuse to get really drunk or confront someone or have a cathartic experience of any kind. Hi guys. Uh, I just wanted to let you know that, uh, I'll be taking a leave of absence starting next week. Uh, no, the opposite. I was actually selected to be a juror on a very high-profile case. Okay, that's hurtful talk. We've talked about that. You know, I don't interrupt your announcements. I can neither confirm nor deny this. Let's just say I'll be up to my neck in jury duty. [excited outbursts] Corporate will be sending someone else to take my place for a while. Uh, Holly Flax, she comes from the Nashua branch. Yeah, uh, she'll be starting next week. If you have any questions about the transition, just let me know. Guys, who's Holly? She's one sassy black lady. I'm not sure the temporary replacement of an H.R. rep really warrants a party. Okay. No, don't throw those out! We can save that. I bought these. These cookies are fine. Michael, Michael, wait we don't have, we don't have the budget for another party. I honestly think you're idealizing people here again, Michael. I don't think that's gonna happen. You know what, I'll pay for it. I'll pay for the party. It doesn't matter. This is way too important. People, Holly's coming back, and this is the most important Christmas party of my life. So back to work. Man, I worked hard. I worked so hard for this! I was after corporate constantly. I emailed Joe. I wrote letters. And, know who I end up owing this to is the Scranton strangler. Thank you. Thank you, Scranton strangler. I love you! You just took one more person's breath away. Just stop moving your calves so much while you're talking. Maybe I'll bring my boyfriend. I'll invite him. I mean, unless there's any chance there could be press at this party. Well, I only ask because he's a senator. I don't think that's appropriate. Yes, he is. [A note is on Jim's computer that says, "It is time. Parking lot at noon." Jim nods and hands it to Dwight who burns it.] No, it has the little... Hi, I'm looking for Michael Scott. Yes, that's me. Come on it. Hey... [sighs] You know what, I could use a breath of fresh air. Let's do it. I've looked her up online... there's nothing about her. She's made no impression on the internet. Hey. I can't talk about it or I'll get removed from the jury. I'm really sorry, I can't help you. I'm waiting for my boss' pretty friend to arrive. Oh, you're Holly! Of course. Sorry. [weak Clint Eastwood accent] Well, well, well, if it isn't Michael Scott. You old bastard. Well I did show my face around these parts, you old bastard. [as Curly] I most certainly am. Unnnnnnngh! Okay... Holly's back. [in monster voice] Oh, huggy monster! Oh, yeah. I brought um, some maple candy. But I have to admit, I got a little hungry on the drive, and I ate some of them. Oh, it's so nice to be back. It looks beautiful in here. Super classy. It's like a party for limousine drivers. Oh, it's fabulous. I love what you did. [in the same accent] Watch out for my g*n they're both loaded. [makes g*n noises] It's a pea sh**t... Yeah, kind of. Oh... AJ gave me that. Mmhmm. Why? That is a really good point. AJ said he hadn't seen any of the Toy Story movies. No. I know. I was like, "What? Are you serious?" Get a life! We sat down and we watched them all in one day. Now he's the biggest Toy Story fanatic ever. Next day I found him in my bed. We live together. He had a little note pinned to him that said, "You've got a friend in me." Yeah. I love him. Hey guys, the tree's here. Why would someone hug you? Are you serious? No, he doesn't. [to Michael] I told her Santa would be here. Who told you that? I can't reconnect with you right now. Hold on one second. [he hurls a snowball at Dwight with a lacrosse stick, misses, and shatters a window, everyone gasps] Excuse me. [clears throat] You guys, this has to stop. Someone could have really gotten hurt. Dwight's right. What you did was dangerous and inappropriate. I'm really surprised at you guys. Last time I was here, you were both best friends. Wait, what girlfriend? I find that unlikely. You email me when you get a new zit. I didn't know you had a girlfriend. I do. She is. That's not true. I don't know her enough to make a decision even. No, I would never ever do anything like that. But it does seem like something you would do. Wait, wait, guys, listen. Toy Story is all about toys that come to life when people aren't looking. You don't think... it's not possible... that Woody did this to himself. No, it really seems like something Michael would do. Okay, I'm sorry, why are we discounting this whole "Woody came to life" thing so quickly? You think this is funny? Dear God in heaven. Michael, you have to let this go. I'm with someone else. I don't feel that way anymore. You made up a fake girlfriend to see if I'd get jealous? And you destroyed a gift my boyfriend gave me? What is the matter with you? Michael, I'm sorry. I really think you're better off. Just now. Just now. Hey, Michael. Pleased to see you. Thank you. Yeah, it was great. Good, good. Good to see you. Have fun. Enjoy the partay. Michael, wait! That's good advice. That's a sad story. Oh, okay, Michael, slow down. Everything's gonna be okay. I shouldn't tell you this, but... AJ won't commit to Holly. And she's gonna tell him that if he doesn't propose to her by the end of the year, it's over. Really. And I don't know about you, but I don't know of a lot of happy marriages that start off with an ultimatum, do you? So just be patient. I'll take that as a no. Michael, this is the gift that corporate gave us that I picked out. You're re-gifting this to me. Oh, yeah? Well, show me the receipt. This is a fast food receipt from April. Hey, Mike. We wanted to give you something. Merry Christmas. You're welcome. Yeah. A trampoline... Video games. A DSi. A horse. A pool. Yes. [answers phone] Hey! Yeah. No, I got it. Just leaving now. January three, 2011. A day which will live in-famously. Holly Partridge Flax, otherwise known as Holly, otherwise otherwise known as a living, breathing angel, is engaged to another man. This is freaking me out. I- okay, let's switch to the happy video, okay? No, no, no, no, let's push through. We'll do this. Today will either be the best or the worst day of my life. Holly gave AJ an ultimatum. He either proposes by New Year's or they break up. Now, if she's engaged, I'm gonna go crazy, and I'm gonna start attacking people. If she's not engaged, in all honesty, I may just burn this whole place to the ground out of happiness. Either way, I am going to need some talking down. And nobody talks me down like myself in a video talking me down. [giggles] Snot. Sorry, it sounded like you said it's snot. I am so sorry. Okay, champagne. Sponge. Gummi bears and gummi worms. Ukulele's happy? Chocolates. Thank you! And two bottles of scotch. And did you get the tickets? Oh, hey, guys! I'd like to introduce you to a new little friend of mine. His name is New Year's resolution board. What happened? Is there a ring? They're warm. Hey, hey, hey. Want me to crank the thermostat up to 90, smoke her out? She can't keep those mittens on forever. Wow. Hey! [sticking up middle finger] Right back atcha, b*tch! Happy! Happy, happy, happy, happy!Video Whoa, whoa, whoa, okay, calm down, breathe. I'm trying!Video I said breathe! I'm trying!Video Wait a second, are you listening to music? What?Video Shut that off! I'm not listening to music!Video Fine, just go crazy for a little while! Lookin' good! You're lookin' good. [roping Michael in] Oh, I gotcha! I gotcha! I'm pulling you back! Michael dance off! Go! Oh, that's nice.Video Go! Go!Video Nice! We're gonna calm down later. Oh, yeah! My resolution is to read more. And if someone else is driving me to the bookstore, I can eat my PB&J in the car. 2011 is coming up all Darryl. Yeah. I got it for Christmas. I'm so out of my league here. [imitating E.T.] Holly misses old phone. [imitating E.T.] New phone is confusing. Gets bad reception. [imitating E.T.] Bummer. Oh, God, please stop! [reaches for her cell phone] Oh, I should get this. Hey! Oh, no, don't go see that one, I want to see that together. Yeah, go see that action one. Okay. I love you, too. All right. I don't think so. No. I'm not... I'm not going to have... No! Just talk to her. I'll talk to her, Michael. Why wouldn't she? One of the hardest parts about making resolutions is keeping them. In fact, most resolutions are abandoned by February. Yeah. Okay, well, my confession is that today I had a sip of coffee. But that's fine. Yes! Because with all of your support, by this time next year maybe I'll be down to one glass of iced tea a week. Well not all of us are Michael Freaking Scott. Well, I can't, I don't know how. My tombstone's already made, thank you. This is all I could find. Can I get some cheese whiz? Or hollandaise? Oh, Michael. God, I hate it. All right! You're k*lling him, Michael! All right, I ate the fluffy part, can I be done? Can I get some candy, or something? Okay, Michael, just settle down. Yes, Michael? What's up? Oh, no, Michael, I don't want to talk about it with you. I mean, I'm fine, I just... I don't want to talk about it. You think? You were super mean. It was traumatizing, Michael. I wouldn't be surprised if I never ate a vegetable again. Okay, Michael, no offense, but you need to get your own life. Well, I am. [hugs Michael] I'm going to help you. You want to keep this? Do you want to keep this? Do you want to keep this? You can toss them. I just think we need to cool things down for awhile. Yeah, a break. At least until I get back to Nashua. Yeah, I'm sure. Mmmhm. Yes, sir. I really appreciate it, Boss. I did it! The perfect cartwheel. What a rush! That's all I had to do all year. Oh, sorry, mate. [laughing] What you doing? You picked on the wrong person, I can tell you that. Yeah big time, yeah. Ooh! David Brent, my liege. How are you? Oh, there you go. I do characters as well. I got a Chinese fella. He's called Ho Li [bleep]. That's what it sounds like. Herrow! Herrow! You can't do that these days. You can't. No, no. No, comedy is a place where the mind goes to tickle itself. That's what she said. [laughs]. [hugs Michaels] Ohh. Where are you working? Any jobs now? Just let me know. All right. Oh it's... [points to conference room] Michael? Ooh. Wait, Michael? Okay. We're no more a team than the people staying in the same hotel are a team. Oh, I don't know, Michael. I'm not feeling up to that. Okay. Holly broke up with A.J last week, which is the greatest thing that has ever happened... to me. To Holly, it's been the worst week of her life, and I know for a fact that there was a week for her in high school when she got mono and her first period ever. Too much information? That's what I thought. But, you know what? Here I am using it. Is Mikanos greek? He sounds Italian. Maybe Mikanos ran away to join the Italian circus. What do you do in your free time? Mmm. Do you like movies? We have to try this out on somebody. Look, you want to order something? I don't know what that is. [with accent] It's a very strong coffee with milk from a goat. No more brain damage. Wow! What a day, right? Guess you guys are probably ready to go. And you got my business card, so... Yeah, I mean, I'm getting to it. Yeah, yeah. This is hard for me. I'm a nice guy. Good choice. The rest of you are dead to me. You made the stupidest decision of your life. [with accent] Wonderful seminar! Michael, I should get back to work. Let's Go! For what? Don't you have a sales call to go on? We don't know that. Why is it such a certainty that we are supposed to be together? Michael, I can't keep getting into a situation where I date whoever I'm working with. Well, you can understand that. Well you don't have to agree. No you don't. No, you can have your own opinion. Where'd I put what? And the final clue... Cheer up. We made a sale. Well, I'm going the speed limit. So... Someone's in a bad mood. Alright, let me turn on some music. No you don't. Alright. Well we'll be there in ten minutes. Alright, Well if I see a gas station, I'll pull over. Bye. No, he ditched you man. I saw him drive away. Just make it quick. You don't know it. He left you here on purpose. All right? I saw it. He just drove away. Alright. Don't get a swelled head. You're no tracker. [Dwight and Erin low-five] Let's ride. Ditto. I'm not a pawn shop. Wow. I can't just go giving away hot dogs. Throw 'em away. No. Are their egg rolls really that big? No problem. So you can't pay for your food? You did not. You have no money. And you dined so much. You were trying to steal food from us? You can't. We'll stop you. [walks to the roof of a building and spots Michael] Michael? What are you doing up here? Dunder Mifflin. I missed you too. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, bye. Okay, bye. [kisses Michael] I'll miss you. Bye. Okay, one more quick one. Don't go. I don't want you to go. Oh don't go. Don't go. [clears throat] The numbers are correct, Michael. [clears throat more loudly] [to Toby] I hear them kissing all the time. It's this horrible plipping sound. You know, it's like Chinese water t*rture. Just...[makes popping sound] like it's coming from my own head. Ohh. Can you get lower? Thank you all for meeting on such sort notice. Yes? Seeing as it's Valentine's Day, I felt it would be apropos to have a little refresher course on romance in the workplace. Are you guys listening to this? The flirtatious tickling. That thing were you softly exhale on her neck. I have done PDA in the office. I've had intercourse in the office. She goes to another school. Good. No. Michael, that's absurd. What if two couples want to go at the same time? And what is the hook-up zone policy on masturbation? Yes! What? Problem solved. Sorry to interrupt. Forgot to collect my things. Oh, no. Michael, I don't want to make people uncomfortable. Yeah, but if they're uncomfortable, it makes me uncomfortable. Okay. Holly and I are like Romeo and Juliet. And this office is like the dragon that kept them apart. Two people in love? Wait, wait, wait, what do you mean you love me? We've only been dating for a week. Do you mean you love me like, "oh, hey, there's Holly. I love that girl." Or you do you mean you love me like you love me-love me? Wow, you love me-love me. I love you-love you. [both laugh] I love you. And a shower. Hello. No, don't touch. No touching. Oh. Almost got you. You're not touching me. Yeah, I agree. This is nasty. And here. Okay. You said you would. You're at an age where your sexual climaxes aren't as powerful so you need to overcompensate with foreplay, taboo behavior. Give me all your money and take off your clothes. Come one. Nobody's looking. What's wrong? Maybe we didn't want to think about it. We can make it work. We'll date long-distance. We weren't in love last time. I'm not saying it won't be hard. But we can make it work. That's what she said. Hey. Hey. Come on. You're hurting him. Shh. Just hush. Just rock. Shh. Movie idea? Okay. Shh. Have you talked to her about your feelings? Women really go for that crap. I don't know. Do the monkey face! Good. He loves it. Good. Jump. Jump up and down. Go back to the monkey! Hurl your feces. Good. They really do that. Hmm. [points to Gabe blowing a kiss to Erin] Hi. What? What are you talking about? No, we're gonna talk now. You're not breaking up with me. What if I said it wasn't up to them? The company. Nobody knows our future, but it's not gonna be decided by the company. It's not gonna be decided by anybody but us. What we are is up to you and me. Okay. Okay. Better luck next time, pal. You do? Pizza, soda, the moon, someone to share it with. I got a delivery for ya'. I'm supposed to deliver this one in person. [pulls out a g*n and starts sh**ting at Michael, who dodges dramatically] Midnight titlescreen appears] Midnight. Guys! Guys. Did you guys know that our own Michael Scott has made a movie, and that he maybe will let us watch it, but only if everybody's dying to see it. We'd love to see it! You never told me you made a movie. It's got you. [laughs] I can't wait. I play Samuel, Michael Scarn's robot butler. I wanted Samuel's voice- [robot impression] to be like this! [normally] But Michael thought that Samuel should be a very advance android, almost indistinguishable from a real person. [crashes cymbals by Michael's ear] It's the president. He needs you for a mission. It's Goldenface. Not so fast, Goldenface has taken all the concession stand workers hostage. Scarn, will you find these hostages, and save the game? [Creed wearing a tunic and carrying a mop, standing with Michael in front of an ice rink] Mop the ice. Mop it. [A montage of Michael mopping the ice awkwardly and using an ab-cruncher, and slowly getting better. After a little while, Cherokee Jack Slams a hockey stick on the ice to stop Michael, then offers it to him] Now take this. Die! [The masked man pulls off the mask to reveal that it is Goldenface] I wasn't trying to k*ll you, I was trying to slow you down. [Ryan is seen placing a medal around Oscar's neck] Oh by the way! How's your wife doing? [begins to cry as Goldenface laughs] Hey, you came in second. Not bad either. Huh...[muffled screaming as he slowly chokes, and eventually dies] I'm intercepting a name. Jasmine Winsong. She works for Goldenface. What I can't figure out is, who is the Funky Cat. [acting as a jazz singer at the Funky Cat, singing] They call me Jasmine Winsong. [singing gibberish while laying on the piano on stage] [michael pushes the backwards button on the recorder] The hostages are under the stadium. [An assassin with a golden tie sh**t her with a tranquilizer and she falls] Ha! This is gonna show them [cocks his golden g*n] that I mean business. See ya! [points g*n to Toby the hostage's head, sh**t and Toby's fake head explodes, the sh*t is shown repeatedly] Sorry about your friend, Scarn! We've searched the wh- ok... In the puck! [tosses the puck to Michael] Because I'm going to k*ll you. [takes out golden g*n] Unless! You forgive me for m*rder your wife. [distraught, memories of him and his wife are shown on the puck in a dreamy haze] Yeah? Noooo! [jumps in front of Michael to receive the b*llet] [re-cocks g*n and sh**t at Michael, who looks shocked and scared] You're lucky to be alive. But why would you blow up the stadium? You OWN the stadium! For the insurance money! I knew it all along! [the President, Goldenface, and his minion pull out a*t*matic machine g*n] You will never get away with this! [takes a painting of Abraham Lincoln and awkwardly smashes it on the President's head, runs out of the office as Goldenface and his minion sh**t at them] It wasn't easy for Scarn to admit that he had lost his self-confidence. And he hadn't of course, He just wasn't using it right now. [Andy as a bar tender with a Brooklyn accent] You don't looks so good, what's got ya down? You got problems?! My TV don't work! I pay thirty bucks a month for the damn satellite what's-a-whosit, I can't even get the damn game! Now you tell me, what's worse than that? Why are you singling my line out, like, a million years later? I'm gonna cheer you up, the only ways I know hows. [to a small boy in overalls] Hey kid! h*t G-9 on the Jukebox! There is a whole crowd of people out there, who need to learn, how to do The Scarn. [cracking up at the stupidity of it, the rest of the office besides Michael and Holly are concealing their laughter. Pam Is trying to quiet Jim up] Sorry. Or carnivals! Uh... which part? Some people are really popping on screen! Hey! Good movie. I loved it. Uhm, I loved that you got to work together with all your friends. Isn't that great when you can all work together like that? Uhm... Not worried about that. Wha- It's your dream and you never even mentioned it before! Well why do you have to make a movie at all? Really, you can't think of anything else that you might have? I'm real. I love you too. I am a huge Woody Allen fan. Although I've only seen Antz, but I'll tell you something. What I respect about that man, is that when he was going through all that stuff that came out in the press, about how Antz was just a rip-off of A Bug's Life, he stayed true to his films. Or at least the film that I saw which again was Antz. The thing is... I thought Bug's Life was better, much better. Than Ants. The point is, don't listen to your critics, listen to your fans. Michael! You have to get to that puck before halftime! Or the whole stadium will explode! Cherokee Jack? Michael he d*ed. [crying] This one's for you Cherokee Jack. [Michael skates into the rink of an already in-play match] [he office shushes Michael to hear the movie better] That's fine, it's great! I worked in a gold factory, we had a boss, who only cared about money... Hey, I'm sorry. It is good. Please Goldenface, let us go! I want you to take all of your frustrations, with women, the system, with everything. Take it out on the puck. All on the puck. [laughs at the stupidity] [seen at his house counting his money] Ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha ha! [The puck lands on his lap] Oh-[A large expl*si*n blocks out his words] [The office cheers at the ending of the movie, Michael Scarn holds up a trophy] [in Scarn manor] Some breakfast for me [shows a plate of bacon and eggs] and some breakfast for you. [pulls out an oil can and oils Samuel's circuit board on his back] Oh yeah, I guess I did let him be a robot. [on phone] Michael, it's the president. I need you for another mission. [the office cheers] Whoa Whoa Whoa! Isn't the president evil? No no, he's doing it to catch the president! I really though I was becoming too much of a womanizer. I realized I had shirts in five different women's houses. All right, truth is I gotta couple love bumps on my ding-dong so, game-over! [walks into conference room with Michael and Todd] Hi! After you! Oh, Michael! This'll be just us. All right. I already have. [to Michael] Why is Packer back? Why's he talking to Holly? [excitedly] Oh! Nice! We got b*rned! So you know the feeling. I didn't order anything. Well there's a lot of seats in the annex. Is too! I don't wanna move desks! Do I have any say in this?! [to Holly who is walking by] Oh! If you're going back to the annex, could you take these to Dwight? I think the ants are waking up. They need to start farming soon. [picks up an ant farm and tube of ants from her desk, Holly takes them] Thanks. So much happening. [not as excited as Michael] No! No. Did Todd tell you to do that? I love you. Oh I'm going. I don't think he's funnier than me. No, he's not funny at all. No, what I'm saying is, he's not funny, but you're funnier than he is. Bill Cosby [puts the ant tube high up. Each time she mentions a name it gets lower], Steve Martin, Charlie Bit My Finger, Michael Scott, then all the way down here [tube takes a jump to the bottom] Todd Packer. [at Hank's with Michael, talking to Hank] And a '76 that's good to boot, I like that. [Hank smiles] Why? Holly said that? She was laughing hysterically that whole time! She asked me, Michael! It would've been rude not to answer. Michael, can I open the kamomo with you. I've been on the road too long. But, I wanna connect with my daughter. And it's not right to call her a b*tch in front of strangers. You're right. I gotta watch my behavior. Don't give up on me. I won't. I got a lot of numbers here to put together. That's silly. If anything, I should be apologizing to Packer. Because we all know I can dish it, as good as I can take it. Well, like I said, I wasn't offended, but I'll stand here for the big show. Don't do it Kevin, that's the fake kind of apology. Okay. You want an apology? Here it goes. Kevin, I am so sorry. You are skinny, and you are a genius. [cutting in] No! Don't! Check it out and have a free butterbeer on us. Keep the receipt and we'll get ya' back! [trying to hide from Michael what they're doing, he picks up the phone and talks directly into it] All right, so just pack your bags and, uh, be sure to bring those swimming trunks! Bye now! [hangs up] He took my desk. It wasn't my first choice, Jim had so many better ideas. No, no, no. That is not part of the plan. That is actually anti-what we're doing. [walking into Michael's office] You're looking at the new face of corporate. Gonna put the "ass", in Tallahassee! Well we gotta go out and celebrate, tonight! Do you have a ball and chain? Listen, I'm gonna tell you something that none of these people have the stones to tell you. It's your girlfriend, man. She's uptight. I know this stuff can hurt, but I wish someone had said something to me about my ex-wife. All I'm saying is about a month or so, meet me down in Florida, I'll introduce you to all the local [spanks the air] talent. It's gonna be so good. I'm sorry about your friend. [Brooklyn accent] You ahh. What ah you wicked smaht? Who ahh? Woah, I love her. How much for that? 10 dollars. 200. 45. Damn it. You know we don't have to sell that if you don't want to. If it's a problem with the neon I can have my neon guy take a look. Well we could put it in storage... in case. You know... in case if something changes. How much for the slip and slide? Get lost. [looks out window] Michael! Michael! Hi.. I was just coming out to see what you were doing and to maybe stop you. Why do you need more gas? Is it a good message or a bad message? Are you proposing!? Wow. Yea. Yea no problem. [runs away] Michael, you've had two ideas today. And one of them was great. And the other one was terrible. This is terrible. Hey Michael everyone's in the conference room. You called the meeting I don't.. I did? Michael. We are a family. And I've always believed that we should all be involved in everyone's personal lives, in a very major way. So about this proposal thing... So we just... we wanna help you plan the proposal so that it's safe and responsible and realistic and doable. That's a guarantee. Don't think you need the corpse then. Holy s*** is that real? No. [shakes head back and forth] At a gas station. [oscar laughs] Oh it was when she was working in New York so it was halfway between both of us. No it was really it was really sweet. It was raining and.. Totally reasonable. She's not gonna say no. Yeah... it.s scary. Look I need to talk to you. I think I need to go home to Colorado. My dad isn't doing so well. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah, yeah it's just you know I don't want to go home when he's on his death bed you know, I wanna be there when he's still my dad. And I want you to come with me. Now I know that's a lot to ask of a boyfriend.. And I was thinking... you know maybe since given our last conversation that we're both ready... Michael Scott will you.. Uh, what? I started with a thumb tack and traded my way to a telescope. But in a way the most valuable thing here wasn't the telescope at all. No, it was this... packet of beans. So I traded the telescope for it. And I can just go buy another telescope. 13 dollars. Listen about earlier ... It was wrong to put you in that position and... Michael you are my life now. I'm not going to Colorado. Shhhh. Let's go on a little walk. You know what? I wanna show you some stuff. Why? This is where Toby announced that he was going to Costa Rica. Happiest day of my life. Until the day you came to replace him. Let's go in here. I remember. Michael.. [they both laugh] Yes. In-grown hair. Mh hmm. Oh, I say, I say, I say I sit on you! And right over there is where you found out that Meredith was prostituting herself for Outback steak. And I will never forget that you had the cutest look on your face because you couldn't believe it, you thought it was so wrong. What happened here? [everyone in the office is standing in the kitchen with a lit candle] Hi guys. No. No. No. No. No. Only one that I was kind of worried about. Congratulations! All of us? Wait, what? All right, so just you tonight? I'll drink to that. I'm starting at a company this week. To begginings and endings. The moms and the troops. [laughs] I won't... I don't know her. Colorado! The sunshine state. Doing some skiing? Well that's just good sense right there. Everyone I know who skis is dead. Try it once, you're hooked. That's my guess. I'm an olympics nut. Oh yeah? Me too. Summer or winter?Deangelo/ You know, it's funny, I tried to get an animal olympics going. You know, life happened. What are you gonna miss most about Scranton? That's the way it goes. Excuse me. Hello? You running late? I'm at the bar too. I'm at the bar. The bar that's located in the lobby of the hotel. How long have you... Ok, me too.Deangelo/ [looking up from phones in unison] Sorry... I am wearing a grey suit, red tie. Which place? I hear your voice, I see your lips moving. Deangelo Vickers. That is insane, that is the right term. Let's get some Vodka up in this cranberry, and one for my friend. I am ready. Alright! Here we go! I am very much looking forward to tommorow. It feels like the culmanation of a lot of hard work, a lot of good fortune... [wearing wig] Nope! It's not Ashton Kutcher. It's Kevin Malone! Equally handsome, equally smart! [winks] [blinds roll down, Deangelo waving] Hello! [opens door] How are you sir? And that is what you call a meet cute. Yeah, that story makes you sound stupid. Oh. [chuckles] That was... let's see, where's my replacement? Where's the guy I'm replacing? Why don't I look to the left? He's sitting right there! [office laughs] I wasn't even trying to make a joke. But I guess I've always been sorta quirky, offbeat, a little twisted. Well, it wasn't an affair. Thanks for meeting me. There's no turtle, Michael. I just wanted to get you here. That's because I'm your right-hand man, Michael, but I can't do it again. I can't do it again for a whole new guy. Deangelo, you're going to starve to death. [laughter] Oh, assist. I just prefer it without the name and I thought- I've got to start doing some managing at some point. And it really isn't. Well, I'd like to change it, actually. I think a change would be nice. I saw a hawk today. Just sitting right there on the overpass. Looking at me. Ok, alright! I love it! I love it! Michael, this is Reggie. He is the #1 yelp reviewed shaver in Scranton. It's not even close. Alright. This is how we do it. Feels nice, doesn't it? Ah, yes, please! Just cozy up there. Just thought we could have some rap sessions with smaller groups. Ok, then, powwows then, fine. No, no, no, I know what you're doing. Just quit it. I want to hear from the rank and file. How can I be the best manager for you all? What can I do better? Well, Deangelo, I'd say communication could be improved. People stopped reading memos, so everyone marks them urgent. Michael, can you stop talking now? I need to shave your lips. Oh, that'd be great, thank you Stanley! [holds up painting of desert to office, who are impressed] Interesting. easily the west coast. If you're going whale watching on the East Coast, you might wanna bring a magazine called "West Coast Whales'. [laughter] Because you're not gonna see them- Mmm, whatcha got? What are you doing? Have you lost your mind? Michael, this is serious! Do you know what happens if Deangelo touches a peanut? No, Jim, not everything is life or death. I want to feel comfortable. [uses book to stop the sandwitch's flight] You're getting nut particles all in the air! [steps into conference room] Everyone, mandatory meeting. Multi-purpose room, now. Michael, This is insane. Listen, you're the one who decided to leave. Come on, he's the new boss, you know we have to do this. [walks out] Hold on, Hey Michael, Michael, wait up, hold on. Um, so for these meetings do you just jump into business or do you start with some chit-chat or...? Maybe. Maybe not. 50/50. You know what, it is too bad for this place that you're leaving. [extents hands for hug] Bring it in, come on. [Michael doesn't accept hug] Ok. [walks back] I... I'm adequete. I'm half as good as you. Ok. What is the Native American girl's name? Yes, and this happens every...? Well, you know, why don't we try it, and if it goes good it'll be part of my tradition. Why do you always say that? You're gonna love it. Thanks. Yep, okay... Okay. Stay in bed! Have you lost your mind! Get off my property before I call the police! Uh, leave it at the door or...? Yeah that's fine. Is this an employee of ours? [giggles] Go go go go go go! It reminds me of Katrina. Ahh, Nice! I got a Dundie nomination! [whispers] I'm not going in there. [quietly shuts the door] Go. Oh hey, didn't see you. I don't know, maybe volunteer at the shelter, or go to bed, or... I don't know. Maybe I'm going to the Dundies!! [Flashes her Nomination Certificate] You are getting so funny! [Erin giggles] Very good. The Dundies are my baby, and they need to go on. When Larry King d*ed they didn't just cancel his show. They got Pierce Morgan to come in, and do his show, and, that way, Larry lives on. Just a little announcement folks, remember, the Dundies is a black tie affair. Every day is black tie optional! You're right, you're right. I'm a middle class broad. [Jim does his "Jim face"] Yeah that's great. Thank you Michael, uh, but I will have to pass. Not much of a performer, unless you count singing in the shower. Boy, okay... [whispers to Michael] Michael, I'm very, very bad. You are doing it. Yes! I love banter. But I hate witty banter. That is true, we do share some similarities. I know how you can fix one of those problems, for me it was portion control. For you, you need a key chain. Maybe one with a- This did not happen. Why don't you ask my therapist, my mom certainly pays her enough. Where were you on September 11th? Why don't you think of hosting the Dundies like you're just running a meeting. Why don't you just, privately, in your own head, think of it like a meeting. Mike, why do you have to control how he perceives it in his mind? [laying down, Michael is sitting on DeAngelo's stomach bouncing up and down in Michael's office] Me mo. Me mo. Meee Mo, Mee! When I was very young, my mother divorced my father and I had to go to court and choose between them. THE DUNDIES ARE-OW-ABOUT COMING TOGETHER! AND RECOGNIZING, THE ADOMINABILITY OF THE HUMAN SPIRIT! [Jim comes and closes the door] [bad Australian accent attempt] THE DUNDIES! Maybe I just need to look into my heart. [in the bathroom in front of the mirror] DeAngelo, where is Michael Scott. [his reflection in the mirror turns around to reveal that it is Michael] Ladies and gentlemen, please stand up for you co-host this evening, Michael Gary Scott. [Michael comes running up to stage as people applaud] Please remain standing for your other co-host, and new manager, DeAngelo Jeremitrius Vickers! [DeAngelo presents himself, and changes his mind and runs off] Was that part of the...? Go do it by yourself, get Ryan. This was not, part of the job description! Who am I doing this for? I can't. [Michael slaps him again] Stop, hitting me. h*t me again. [Michael slaps him once more] It's showtime. Alright, here we go. Nope, go back to the script. Wow! I do not parent for the award but I gotta tell you It feels pretty good. Uh, Cece, if you're watching this at home it's way past your bedtime, by the way how'd this get televised? I don't know maybe being a good dad is just all in your own compass. I don't know, I don't know. Thank you! Didn't I? Big smiles folks! There they are. How do I feel about not winning Hottest in the Office this year? Uhm, I'm very relieved. How do you, how do you judge something like that? What is the criteria even? It's, it's so subjective. Oh really? [camera shows that Kevin has drawn a house on the tablecloth. [stands up and walks to stage, takes the microphone] Well, this is embarrassing, um, I'm obviously really angry at Erin. It's that quarter life crisis everyone's been talking about. [Jim is looking wide eyed, jaw dropped] Alright I'm gonna go. [Dwight plays cricket noises] Damn that was cold. THAT'S WHY IT'S BEEN SHUT DOWN FOR MOST OF THE EVENING... This is truly special, for me! And uh, anyway. It's so much lighter! Michael, are we?! We're done. We're done! Michael, we were thinking maybe we could keep this thing going! I know I'm the cause of this royal screw up but I would like to see this show go on. Let's grab some ice cream, go back to the office, and finish what we started. [others nod in agreement] I don't know that we need to dissect it all now, but- That did. Pretty huge laugh. [with Dwight and Michael outside Michael's car] You know what, I have to go to the bathroom. We should just wait here and not get good seats in the conference room? Okay, fine I'll hold it. I thought it was the worst Dundies I've ever been to. [as Michael pulls over and stops the car] Please don't stop so suddenly, the seatbelt is pressing on my bladder. Why are you even wearing a seatbelt, you're sitting in the backseat, baby. I just don't see a point in the Dundies! Okay? The jokes are terrible, the venue is bad, the fashion is boring. [very uncomfortable] Look, what ever you're going to do, how long is it going to take? Ballpark. 'Cause I just, I gotta make a decision here. [gets out and slams the door] He is in an all-out sprint. A lot of people I'd like to thank, but I think we all actually wanna thank you Michael. [starts playing the tune to Seasons of Love while Andy sits down] Remember to call, remember to, call. Remember to call. [recall to Dundies at Louie Volpies] Every day, millions of Americans suffer from extreme repulsiveness. Someone in our midst, is bringing that problem to light. Toby Flenderson, please come up here and accept the Extreme Repulsiveness Award. Oh that's so mean! Come on Toby. [walking up] Michael? I've got a treat for you! Colorado specialty, Rocky Mountain Oysters. [angrily] That's because they're Not oysters, they're bull testicles! I cut them off fresh this morning! [Michael spits it out] Hah! What is wrong with you? I'm the sick freak? After what you did? You expect to be buttled? You didn't recommend me?! Where did you hear that? Obvious XM Radio? Great idea. Especially if you think that life would be better without Legs! Black Bears can smell a salami at five miles Michael, what are you thinking?! And they run faster than a horse, so if you were thinking about outrunning one on a horse I would try a cheetah. You, in tight pants, Michael, are a salami to a Black Bear. Do you understand? [Michael nods in agreement] You're like a giant walking salami! Any kind of meat that you can possibly name! [with Michael in his office] You're not gonna take all these toys are you? I mean you don't have a job lined up, so it's not like you have a desk to put 'em on. That's nice. [reaches and a grabs a toy truck] How 'bout that truck? Can I have this little truck? I was thinking I might... glue a stapler on top. Or put a hole here, stick pens in it. [Michael gives an obviously fake smile] You okay? You know what? Uh, it's your last couple days, I'm gonna get out of your hair. I will be in the break room. Dead man walking. Everything. [to Michael] We decided on the ice cream. Mint chocolate chip, your favorite. Yeah that was a surprise... [surprised] Okay. Should we get toppings? [confused] What? Hot fudge? Sounds good. Fudge it up! [all seem surprised at Michael's behavior] [holding up his "World's Best Boss Mug"] I bought this for myself. And yesterday, they gave me this. [holds up a Dundie that reads, 'World's Best Boss 2011, Michael G. Scott', throws his mug into the garbage can and places his Dundie at the front of his desk] I still need something to drink out of though. Please Michael. [holds up mittens she's knitting] Look Michael, it's a going away present so your hands won't get cold. It's almost done, but you can't get them wet, and they can't be dry-cleaned either. You have to hand wash without water, wring-dry gently, and use a hairdryer on cool. It's cute. [plays with it] Where's the rest of it, it's got no b*lls. You know I'm the worst salesman here right? What does that even mean? I'm gonna lose 'em. I promise you that I will. I used to be obese. Once you've conquered obesity, everything else is easy. Life literally moves in slow motion. I'm not saying I'm superman, but, let me just put it this way. If I were sh*t in the head, I'm pretty sure everything would be fine. I almost welcome it. [winks] Oh! [Michael unrolls it to reveal it is a caricature of Kevin as a pig eating pizza] Oh... Better... But... Michael, I'm pretty much okay with who I am now. I just lost Porter Hardware! I just, I lost 'em! Thank you Michael. It's beautiful. [laughing] It looks like a [more laughing] It looks like it was made by a two year old monkey on a farm! He just accepted, accepted that I put all this work into it! [laughs more] He has the lowest opinion of me, of anybody! It was just you... State Senator. You wanna see some pictures? I just got these. Uhm, these are, okay this is us at the theater. And antiquing! Oh, rollerblading. Oh, that's Thomas, Robert's aide. [Michael is leaving the accounting area] Oh Michael! Where do you want your last pay check sent? You have an address yet in Colorado? What town do Holly's parents live in? [to Michael] Hey! It's almost your last day, come sit with us. You sure? I don't think any of them are supposed to shred magazines. [on phone] Hello there! Boulder. Is something wrong? Are you okay? [Yoda voice] Oh you mean this? [deep man voice] I'll pay the rent! [Michael laughs] Okay, my mom's looking at me and she has no sense of humor. It's a joke mom! Well I'll see you tonight. I'll pick you up outside baggage claim. I love you too. Well you know Michael, I have a brother in Boulder. Rory Flenderson. You should look him up. [smiling] Okay. [doing make up and irritated] What?! Yes! Please! Please go away! And stop using that weird slow voice. Wow. [camera pans over to show that the light is from Michael's St. Pauli Girl Sign, hanging in Ryan's office] This is... totally unnecessary. No! I'm not cleaning up a bunch of uneaten cupcake bottoms! You know, we don't really care about your opinion. You're just a tie-breaker. Oh, hey Michael! I'm just going to go to Carbondale to price some shredders. I'll see you later. Well, no. He hates jams. Hey. That's sweet Mike. Let's see here. There's a chapter, called Gum. With one sentence. Everybody likes the guy who offers him a stick of gum. No. Can't let you do that Mike. No problem. Worth a try. No. Not while I'm driving. I know that Gabe is young, and hot and everything. And he's begging me to reconsider, but I... I just think I'm in love with someone else. Andy. I wish I knew who my birth mother was, so she could just tell me who to choose. I'm not attracted to Kevin. [nods] Extension 147. I know. [on the phone] You want the 27-26 or the 27-30? No. [trying to finish her sale when Michael hangs up the phone] I'm on a sale! Okay... [Jim gives a knowing look to the camera] Yes. [opening his trunk excitedly and gets out his paintball gear, takes his g*n and looks for Michael, gives up, Michael jumps out of the dumpster sh**ting, they sh**t each other, yell, laugh, and taunt, having a great time] [Michael walks into the office, still a mess] Ahh, what happened to you? [smiles knowingly] Uhh, she's still pricing the whatevers. The shredders. [walks into a movie theater showing The King's Speech] [in his office talking to Creed, Gabe, and Meredith in that order] Whether you're scared of dying, or dying Alone, or dying drunk in a ditch. Don't be. It's going to be okay. Yeah I was tripling up. There's not enough time in the day to have a special moment with everybody. [sounding hurt] I'm either going to quit today, or stay to make sure that Andy's career is destroyed. We did it! Yes, what is this about? Mmhmmm. They're almost done but my knuckles are swelling a little and- Is that it? Is that it? Hey, can I talk to you for a second? [brings Michael into his office] So I've been meaning to tell ya, I wanna take you out for lunch. For your last day. What do you think? Tomorrow? Lunch, you and me? You're not leaving tomorrow. You're leaving today right? Wow, so that's it huh? Just, four o'clock and you are gone for good. Absolutely not. It's just that sometimes... goodbyes are a b*tch. You know what I think we should do? I think we should just save the goodbyes for tomorrow. At lunch. And then tomorrow, I can tell you... what a great boss, you turned out to be. The best boss I ever had. [Jim is holding back tears too] Alright. Listen Michael, I really... I did text Pam, but... [shakes Michael's hand] I will see you, tomorrow at lunch. [chuckles] You got it. Oh no, they're still not done. [drinking from Michael's World's Best Boss mug] See ya tomorrow boss! Later guys. [leaves the office] Got almost everybody. So... Holly's my family now. [you see video of Michael getting into the cab, and driving off. As the cab leaves, Pam drives in] She's my family. The babies that I make with her, will be my children. The people that you work with, are just... when you get down to it... your very best friends. They say, on your deathbed, you never wish you spent more time at the office. But I will. Gotta be a lot better than a deathbed. [You see Michael getting out and entering the airport, and going through security] I actually don't understand deathbeds. I mean, who would buy that? [turns around] [whispering] Michael. I can't believe you came. If Ryan wants his baby back, please tell him where to fine me. We'll be somewhere in Europe. [looking at Drake] Won't we? [turns around] [whispering] Michael. I can't believe you came. If Ryan wants his baby back, please tell him where to fine me. We'll be somewhere in Europe. [looking at Drake] Won't we?