Am I angry that Gabe stole my girlfriend over the summer? No. I've been through anger-management, OK? So right now, I am sitting on a nice beach at Cape Cod, gazing out across the whitecaps. Oh, look, it's a humpback whale. How pretty. He's eating Gabe. [Jim quietly takes Dwight's keychain and starts adding keys to it, Pam giggles] Hey, what's so funny over here? Ha. Very nice. Give me my keys. [removes keys and throws them at Jim] Ha. Ha. Not. Funny. Jim. Oh, no. Don't worry about it. I was just gonna put a couple keys on it every day until Christmas. Then his pants would have fallen down, which was a little gift to me, but... Well, it would have been. So unprofessional, Mrs. Halpert. Don't bother Luke. Wait, soy ice cream? Did you get real ice cream? Clutch cream run, bro. You really think you can make it up to me with food? I don't know. That usually works. Oh, yeah. This'll be easy. So just, like, rearrange the buttons and stuff. Yeah. Let me take a look at the circus board. Hey, did you SMS text message me? [as elevator doors won't shut] Okay, that's weird. Just hitting "door closed." What? Is this elevator going up? Hey, the elevator is disobeying us! [elevator stops between floors] Okay, okay. We are stuck. We are stuck. Hank, Hank! Can you hear us? Oh, my God. Okay. Emergency protocol. Pam, try and pry open those front doors, immediately. Use your talons! Pry 'em open! [starts to urinate in elevator corner] Well, don't look, freak! I've got 56 ounces of fluid in my bladder! And we have to establish a pee corner! Pam? I did not do this. This is impressive. Do they call you that? Come on, give me your hand. I'll help you down. Oh! Of course there is. Hey, Chinese tonight? Pretty good. You must be almost out of water. Wow. Late every day this week. Welcome children. Oh no. I like to think of it as a kids place. Would you like a tour? Oh... lets take the tour Pam. Jim! To you and me, maybe, but, come on! To a child's imagination that's Mr. Fork and Lieutenant Kn*fe and... Ms. Fork. I'm glad Michael is getting help. He as a lot of issues, and he's stupid. Pam? Everything is going to be ok. You're good... you're good at sales. Ok, Dwight. We can't do that. So why don't you just tell us what happened? You guys know me. You know that I'm not one for fancy things, but there was this one thing. It was in a fancy store. And it caught the corner of my eye when I took Mose down to the Mall to get his blood pressure at the Rite-Aid. And I thought, you know, maybe I deserve this. You know, I had a great crop yield this fall... Is one of you the office administrator? Can I show you a few samples? Oh, we're not interested. We're not interested at all. Office Administrator. So when did this happen? Yeah, totally. Well, congrats! Totally, that's great. Great. $50,000? The glasses are a little... [Dwight drops glasses to the floor, stomps on them] Oh. Yeah. Right, of course! Thank you so much. Oh boy. Can you get every department head's signature on this so I can back this up to corporate? You'll do. . . ok. Filled out. Good. Thank you doctor. Take two of these [giving Toby two middle fingers] and call me in the morning. Hey Michael, um... about three months ago, I was talking to... [Michael grabs form and signs it without reading.] I saw a TLC show on Kate Walsh's home office. All corkboard. Right in here? I'm back! Ha ha. Pam, perfect. I was hoping to talk to the office administrator about a little office administration problem. The problem, unfortunately, is about the office administrator. I have gone through everything for the past three years. There is nothing that says you are the office administrator. At all. Pam, I don't want to accuse you of anything. I just want everything to be back the way it's supposed to be. Can you just admit... admit... I don't want to say it. Mm-hmm. Statements of such nature, while they have their place, are overused in a competitive business environment. Will do... Can I get one of those name plates... that says Gabe Lewis? Nope. I'll get it right away. Jim, Pam, you guys are in, right? My parents used to scramble to find babysitters so they could take my younger brother to do stuff. I understand how hard it can be. I just-tonight, if you could... Really? Oh my gosh, that would be amazing. Let's go. Everything's fine. Fogg's Asylum , why not? [balloon pops, Kelly screams and baby starts crying] Okay, I think everybody just needs to relax. Okay, this was pretty simple- [overlapping with Pam] Really, all you had to do was play with her for, like, 30 minutes and then put her to bed. Oh, no, why would I take her to the hospital? Okay. Alright, bye Cece. Alright, well, we're never leaving the house again. [attempting to move car seat] It's like The Hurt Locker! No, it was not a disaster. It was weird, but it wasn't a disaster. I think we have, like, a gift bottle of Irish cream. We could put that in orange juice. Yeah? Is that a blow torch?! Interesting choice... Very very smart. You mean cancer? What? No! Wait, no. Definitely not cancer. What? Just admit that your baby was a mistake. I'm sure they don't regret having their child, let's move it to the pros.Jim and I just thought I'd bring it up in case someone in here was practicing abstinence. That's all. Anybody? I love cycling. Andy, I feel like a tourist in my own city. I literally can't wait to wake up every morning. I'm on Sheryl Crow's side in that whole thing, so I feel really weird right now. Yeah! [crashes into Jim and Pam's parked car] Oh, my god! Tell 'em. What? He never called you? I thought you said it just fizzled. Yeah, I thought you started it. I will see you in ten. Bye! Hold tight. [hangs up] Well, I know a lot of you thought that my sales days were behind me, and to be honest, so did I...and the only reason I got out of the sales game was to be reluctantly called back in. [laughing] No, I don't have time for this. Are you kidding me? But do you think it could be famous? Like in a car commercial or something?  A lot of people are really getting into Halloween this year! [puts head down over fake b*mb made from cardboard, high pitched voice] Six seconds, MacGruber! [lifts head] Pam's got a lot of fun stuff planned! [puts head down, high pitched voice] Uh, two seconds MacGruber! [lifts head] Including a... costume contest, and bobbing for apples, and a Ouija board... OHHH! BOOM! OHH expl*si*n! [throws fake b*mb, takes off sunglasses, points to camera] MACGRUBERRRR! To my chickens I'm the Scranton Strangler. [looks at Pam] Oh-ho! That's very funny. Looks like someone decided to dress up as old Dwight Schrute's mom. You're only one third as beautiful and only half her height. So four years ago, when I was in Stamford, Connecticut, and dating someone else, Pam went on two dates with Danny. Which was obviously the greatest love story ever told, given how much people are walking on eggshells around us. That's right. Yikes. Oh, no. Let me put my shoes on. [hangs up phone, dial tone] Look, I'm just glad we can laugh about it. Because I was a little nervous about coming to work here, with, you know, our history. No! Two or three dates. Was it two? I thought it was three. [laughing] Well, that does not sound like me. [stops laughing] Well, great, I just wanted to make sure that things weren't weird. Yeah, I uh, heard you say it to Phyllis. That's a good line. Still don't know who I am? I'll give you a hint. I go over other people's heads. What's a bad idea? I present to you the [finger quotes] rational consumer, as it were. Two! I got two. I ate two whole apples. Hey. She had a nice time. It seems rude. Hey, man. To be honest, I still can't believe he didn't call her back. Who doesn't call a dork like that back? [holding Cece] Spinach in a can. Power eat spinach. [Popeye sound] Aww, my hero! [under his breath] Um... kay. Uh, alright. Di-Did you say vampire? Uh-huh. Right. And ruin their cloaks? Do you have any idea how expensive wool is in Transylvania? [looks at camera] 'Cause of the euro. [rolls his eyes and shakes his head] Uh... The worst thing you can do for your immune system is to coddle it. They need to fight their own battles. If Sabre really cared about our well-being, they would set up hand de-sanitizing stations. A simple bowl at every juncture filled with dirt, vomit, fecal matter... Jim. Pam. [gasps, speaks in baby voice] And the precious bundle of God's gift to everything. [back to her normal voice] I wish you both a pleasant day. [baby voice] And you too. Yes. Praise God. Ok. Big day. [in an old man mobster voice] Hey. Hey. I got an offer that you can't refuse. Scooch over. Scooch. Before I sh**t you in the head. Yeah. [normal voice] I'm not the godfather. [clears his throat] So who is the godfather? Okay. Old friend, like, you've known him since kindergarten? No, I have plenty of friends, so... all right, well, you have great seats. Enjoy the show. Christening calls to repentance, to faithfulness, and to discipleship. We've come to celebrate these babies. Right now? [whispering, going into the bathroom with Cece] Okay. Okay. There's my girl. All right. Hold on one second. There we go. What's that face for? Oh, my-oh, my God. Cece, no. No, no, no, not on the dress! Cece, stop! What? Yes. This is happening. No. There's no extra outfit in the bag. Yeah. [Doug walks away] Well, this is intimate. You don't know them all? Jesus is not your caterer. [baby voice to Cece] But he should be your caterer 'cause you're a little angel. Why didn't your parents get you a caterer? [normal voice] They don't think. Huh, you think she is jealous about having a baby? Thank you. Or should I say gracias? I didn't get one. Is it just the one jug of apple cider? [Pam shrugs, woman walks away] I think that was sconesy cider, noted baptism reception critic. [baby voice] Hi. [to Pam] So that was lunch, eh? Mcpherson troop, let's haul out. Rendezvous at Friendly's. [crying] She's up! Great! You know what? I didn't read the rules, I didn't know the rules. There, it's on. I didn't read the rule book. Pam I have a loaded g*n in my desk at work. If I ever start acting like that weenie Gabe I want you to take that g*n, and I want you to sh**t me like a hundred times in the groin until I'm dead. Okay? Michael, I find it absolutely disgraceful that no one followed you in here for your walk-out. I took the liberty of making a list of everyone who didn't follow you in here. Jim. Oscar. Creed. Me, at first. Okay, they did Blinded by the Light and they did it with an actual blind guy. Was it worth it Jim? [Jim leaves] 'Cause we missed it! That would be nice wouldn't it? You know it's not really necessary for me to sit here holding her all night. Just go into Gabe's refrigerator, get a lump of suit, or any kind of congealed animal fat will do rally, tie a piece of string to it and the other end to her toe, put the suit in her mouth, she'll be happy for hours. [whispering] Hey. Well something's come up, I have to go. I have something to do. Enough. I will require beer and pizza to think this over. I don't think that's gonna... No, try me. No. Crust first. [Jim turns the pizza around] Okay, now the beer. [Jim shakes his head no] Beer me Jim. [Jim quickly puts the beer into his face] Ssss. Gentle. [drinks the beer] Now I've gotta go meet Angela. Oh come on, stop the fake prissy act. We're in the real world. Sex contracts exist! I'm going home, and I'm taking my baby with me. She's in heat. She will eat your face off! Magical... What are you doing here? Are you authorized to do this? Ok, uhm, then tell him that we'll do this tomorrow night instead. Wait Pam! How did he seem? Like, you know, did he seem disappointed? Okay, I'm not doing every number. Uh... it was like eight years ago? Nosy? Pam. I don't wanna be a lousy snitch. Ryan has been using the color printer for his business a lot, and as Office Administrator-- But it's not for-- Let it go. That's good to know. [screams] We already have a buyer. Pam. Okay, now I've tried everything. No. Yeah, it's not as fun if I'm not blowing off work. [blows a raspberry, Erin looks shocked, Kevin chuckles] Do not talk like that, Stanley. W.U.P.H.F. The domain name. Yeah, they do. Yeah, sell. [stuck in the maze, says to some kids running around in the maze] You guys know how to get out? [kids run away screaming] Can't talk, saving the planet. We Don't? Well, why have I been separating the trash into whites and colors? [throws the sack of garbage onto the floor] Eight Years. No, I won't even consider it. Right, Yes, yeah. Best friend/mentor. I think you are wrong. You may be right. I may be crazy. I'm just saying that I think I agree with your point. I thought it might make me feel better. Twenty minutes a day Jim, that's all it takes. Twenty minutes a day, all feet, no hands and I'll have the pedi-dexterity of a chimp, and you'll be sitting there like an idiot. [attempts to place pencil in pencil sharpener] Okay. Here we go. Ah, yes. [accidentally kicks items from his desk onto Pam's] I'm sorry Pam, allow me to write you an apology letter. It was great. China. I'm sorry, isn't that good enough for your anus? Don't get me started on how coddled the modern anus is. Are you just gonna sit there, Office Administrator, or are you going to do something? Pam, when I'm sitting at this desk, I'm a salesman. If you wanna talk to the new building owner, you should call Nate and schedule and appointment. [on the phone] Y'ello. Oh, hey Pam. Let me put you on hold for just one 'eensy sec. Hey Pam, Dwight's being questioned by the police in connection with a string of dog-nappings that ha... How do we stop it? With a big idea. That's what America is built on, big ideas. Blue jeans, the Grand Canyon. Whose got one, whose got a big idea? Absolutely, Pam this is exactly why I hired you as Office Administrator, handle it. Taking care of business. [chuckles] Or else? Or else what? There's nothing you can do. [lights turn off] Really? [jumps to try and activate motion sensor, Kevin walks through the door setting it off, and the lights come back on] Oh God, I've been playing Zombie Soccer for two hours? Waste of time. Oh wow, these are nice. Let me see. You can't just move out. [without looking at the pictures] Oh my gosh she is so cute. She looks like both of you. Oh, cool. Well I like being in the same building as Bob. Keeps me honest. Is the nail place Koreans or whites? Good. And the dry cleaners? Parley, my office, five minutes. Pirate code, he wants to meet. Pam, I am not an unreasonable man. If you guys stay, I will stop watering down the soap. Why do you even need soap? Are you that bad at going to the bathroom? You don't wanna move. Moving is one of the most stressful things you can do in life. You'll probably just take it out on your kid. Jim will turn to the drink. The family will fall apart, and twenty five years from now, Cece will become world famous... for stripping. Hey Pam. Y'know what, I'm the only one here who you haven't asked about the new office. Yeah, but I'm still an employee here, and that part of me is really excited about the change of scenery. What's the square footage in the new place? What's the exact square footage. How many offices are there? Oh I'll just look at the one sheet myself. [chuckles] You're a funny guy Pam. What's the first thing you guys are gonna do when you move in to the new office? I'm going to walk down the hall and say "Wow, I can't believe this is real, but it is." I can't wait. Mmhmm. It's still on a bike path though right? What does that mean? What? But you didn't fail. And you didn't fail those things either. I wasn't here. [places a book in front of Pam] I wasn't here. It's a pretty common saying. You may want to log it away for future use. Don't... I... Impossible, I love the law. Got it. [taking a group photo outside] One Charlie's Angels. One. Let's go. That's it! That's a picture! Yes! Jump in the air. We're gonna jump in the air. Here we go. Let me see you jump. [Phyllis barely jumps] Oh, my God. This is a store bought-camera. This isn't one of those special m*llitary-grade cameras that would be able to capture that. We didn't get it. I'm the office administrator now, which means I'm basically being paid to be head of the party planning committee. The first thing I did as head... I shut it down. At its best it was a toxic political club used to make others feel miserable and left out. At its best it planned parties. How's the party coming along? Are we over budget? Hello Kitty's for girls. Do you have any idea how many photographers there are at a ribbon-cutting ceremony. I do. Two. "Angela..." [imitates camera sh**ting] "over here, Angela..." [imitates camera sh**ting] "here. Look here!" Yeah! Pam? It's not. They're not. Fresh and new. Please let go. Please let go. Well then everybody'll chip in, it'll be fine. Hey. We still doing the gifts today? [Pam nods] I mean, it is the Christmas party. Well, the classy Christmas party. Me neither. Whew. Okay. Okay... [sighs] Oh, no, no, no, no! Fake tree. No, no! [scats awkwardly] There's nothing classier than boring Jazz music. I am here to tell ya. And I made a bit of a judgment call. I hired one musician, because I thought, what's better, to hire an entire quartet for half an hour, or one bassist for the entire day? I would, but I don't want to get dirty. There might be girls at the party. I do, however, have a hookup with a dude who has a pickup. You know Darryl? I should come along, just 'cause he's my, you know, he's my hookup. It's cool, Darryl, I'm here too. No. Thank you for your interest in my truck. [singing] Christmas tree, Christmas tree. Won't you be my Christmas tree. Ehh, seems a little full of itself, right? Kind of a pretty boy? What if we got a really b*at up one, like on Charlie Brown. And we just loved it for what it is? [on the phone] I just, no, she be talking to your mom or something. This is my daughter too, Justine! You seem to think, [Justine hangs up] oh... pick a damn tree already. Jada don't want to spend Christmas with me. She told her mom it wasn't as much fun. And how could she say that? You know, I took her to the toy store to buy her own presents. Her mom wants me to take her to mass. I guess that's something to do. How do I do that? Yes. You'll be Mr. Christmas by the end of the night. Yeah, well, I was told that Holly would be here, single and ready to date. And we all got misled. So where's the ring? Nobody cares about that. Look, you have to make him commit, or kick his butt to the curb. Okay, listen, I'm gonna tell him that if he doesn't propose by the end of this year, we're over. Yeah. I just want it to stop. There's no connection between the origin story and the quest. We need to know who Jimmy Halpert was before he was bitten by the bear. Otherwise, it's the bear's quest. Well, did you come here for help, or did you come here for me to tell you how great it is? Well, it sounds like you know what you want. [Pam walks away] It's also a little derivative of a serias called 'Bear Man'. Did you look that up? So you went homemade this year. Yeah. Money problems, is that what this is about? I mean, oh, dear, I don't think we can help you out. Are you good at homemade? Sure, sweetie. Jada, Darryl, I'm so glad I found you guys. A grinch stole the star from on top of the Christmas tree and is hiding it in the warehouse somewhere. You want to go help me find him? Wahhh... Merry Christmas. Yes. Well, uh... I don't think any of us really know. Alright. [Jim hands Pam a present] Ooh, go easy with the shaking. You like it? Alright, my turn. I mean... [speechless] Oh, hey, hey, no, don't run. You're gonna slip. Yup. I read this story about a woman who slipped on some black ice, and she h*t her head and went into a coma forever. And then every day, her husband went and visited her in the hospital until she d*ed. [voice breaking] Yeah, well, at least he was married. No, it's not. It's not. Oh, man, I can tell you confidently that it is not gonna be okay. Really? No. All right. You have to pick up after them. I don't want to go. Have you ever seen 'em do that? [walk outside and the parking lot is covered with snowmen] No, it's, it's okay. Okay. Okay. This is it. Go! Go! Go! Good morning. I think it's good. It's gonna be fun. I'm really excited for Michael either way. Because if Holly chooses to be with him, he will be so, so happy. And if not, he'll be avoiding the biggest mistake of his life! Oh my God! [sprays champagne on Erin] Not doing that. Drink less caffeine. That's a good one, Pam. Here's mine. Yeah. I love cooking, but I always find myself throwing out half the food that I prepare, so... two years is time to just start preparing the right amount of food for the right number of people, which is one. No, some people don't just meet someone. I'm fine with it. Really. This is not a pity party. It's not a party at all. It's just sad. Yes. Holly doesn't seem to be engaged, but she's talking to AJ like she is. I can't figure it out. Do you think she's already dating a different AJ? When you broke it off with Roy, did you still tell him you loved him? But you did still love him. Do you love him now? That's true. She's really nice. She'd talk to anybody. Why don't you bring Erin to balance you out? We're going skating. Well, my goal was to learn a new word every single day. And I must say that it is going immensely. Whoops. I want to do a cartwheel. But real casual-like. Not make a big deal about it. But I know everybody saw it. Just one stunning, gorgeous cartwheel. I'm having a little trouble motivating. Or sooner. That's not a joke. Well, I said that I would eat more vegetables, and I haven't yet. But it's okay. I still have time, since last year, I ate none. Is it? [holding broccoli in front of Kevin] Eat it. No. No cheese whiz, no hollandaise, no chocolate sauce, just eat it. Come on. Here comes the airplane, there you go. Open, open, into the hanger, there you go. I'll get him water. Me. Oh, Pam, soda. Caffeine! [bleep] you! [bleep] you! God! Okay, that's it. Will you let me know when this whole seminar thing's over? [muttering] Down... there. [to Pam] Is "jlp" a word? No, j-l-p. Like, "I jlp... I jlp you!" The winner gets to pick the movie we watch. I have won no games. So far I've seen "The Shining", "Rosemary's Baby", "The Ring". Not really my thing. Although, I... I do like the early parts of the movies where they have a perfect family and everything. Really? Yes. She's stuck on that one thing. Put the "q" there, sweetie. Put the "q" there! [phone rings] Sorry I yelled. There's no theater in that. We got it! Wow! We got it! Psst. You think this thing's gonna go much longer? Ohh! Good-bye. Stop. Out with it. Tom Witochkin. One of my best buddies, actually. I was blue group, so it was second from the top. Was in the green group. And that's what I told him. The last thing that we want is any kind of drama. All right. Bye. He's going to be a lot of fun to drive around in a car with. That's it? That's all I get? Even after all the hard work I put into celebrating your talent today? Well, those things that you consider doodles, I consider art. Oh, sorry gotta go. Ok fine, three hints. One! When you are getting colder, you're really getting warmer. Two! You have a better chance, if you think Bob Vance. You know what, just think about it, you'll be fine. [towards bathroom] Hello? [gives up and drives off] Hey it's me. So uh, don't worry. Everything's ok. Nothing. Absolutely nothing. You're not holding a cup of coffee or anything are you? Uh, so, Cece had a little bit of a fever. And your mom also locked her in the car. No no no it's ok. So, Cece is with daddy now. She's laughing and she's happy. And we are on our way to see Dr. Barbra. Yes, and your mom got a very well deserved day off. So here's the thing though. I left Michael at the gas station on Benet. And his wallet and phone are on the seat next to me. Nope. Ok. Bye. It's the gas station on Benet Street? Problem solved everyone. Space Orphan and Princess Nincompoop are off to rescue Michael. Unbelievable. I'm going. You drive, I got a car full of fox meat. Yeah, which one? No no. No no no. Keep it real. Oh it is on like Genghis Khan wearing Sean Jean in Buton. [at puppies] Hey you guys. Listen to me. Don't get hung up on just one girl because there are a whole lot of other girls out there. Look over there. See? They look cute. [at parrots] Hello! You guys are so beautiful. You're so colorful. I wish I could understand you. That's a metaphor I guess. [at snake] You are disgusting. You'll never find love. Yekkk. [holding puppy] Do you think she needs more time or is it never going to happen? [licks his nose] I'm being serious. Seriously. Has Michael checked in? I asked you a question. Goodbye. This is a man-hunt slash rescue mission. Pam, I'm obviously going to get that stuff for you so just shut up. Oh. Ok. I got one. no pop culture references. Pam, I think I'm going to send you an IM. So what, no one's even gonna try? More tasteless than this..."is that a palm tree or did Gabe get skinnier? Either way, let's pee on it." [laughter] Thinking about my grandmother a lot. She was about to turn 97. Thank you. "Congratulations, Darryl. Let's get wasted." "Have fun today, big guy." "Aww, yeah. Party time. Whoo-whoop." Birthday punches! [softly punching Darryl in the stomach] One two three four five sice seven eight! [getting out of a taxi] There you go. Thanks. Big tip. What? We decided to have a Valentine's day lunch and then that way we can spend the entire night with Cece and avoid the Valentine's day dinner thing. It's a whole thing. Shh. Um, bottomless champagne. I get it. Andy's slamming my girlfriend. Very funny. What I do not approve of, however, is public displays of affection, or PDAs. PDAs are totally superfluous to a happy, healthy office romance. Perfect example. Look at Jim and Pam. Did it! What, are you talking about me and Holly? No, no, it's great. I love working at Dunder Mifflin, a division of Taliban enterprises. Mm-hmm. Hanks.Jim and Hey. You're looking for me? No you weren't. You wanted to have sex in my office. Hey, you don't have to... That was really rough. No, because the office isn't what I'd consider a romantic place. What? No. We took a walk. Midnight is the great lost film of Michael Scott. Yeah, if Michael Scott did your home movie! Michael screened a work in progress for us, years ago, and it didn't go well. We thought it was a comedy. [flashback clip of Michael angrily leaving the conference room while the whole office is laughing at the tv] Everything pointed to it being a comedy. Sweet, I will go invite Holly. Jack Blaise. [as a busty nurse] You've already had four. No, no! Actually it's really screwed up because they [chuckles], they were trying to qualify, they were disqualified, they had to forfeit the game. Undefeated season. That's why there were so many people there. [Michael stands up, clearly realizing that his movie is not as great as he thought] Why do you care? Yeah, it took the f*re department forever to get there. [realizing there's a new computer at her desk. Gets very excited] Oh my God, where did this come from?! Who did this?! Thank you Pam. [Pam walks over to him and smiles excitedly while bouncing, Jim imitates her] Can I do something for ya? Nice. You know, I cleaned our daughter for like, an hour at four a.m. this morning, so... What do you grow in here, bullcrap? [puts the tray into the garbage] Uhm. [Pam starts nodding in agreement] Why are you nodding? This is a sick computer! Gwen Stefani has this computer! [to Pam, in a fake British accent] Uhhh, Pamela! What does a guy have to do to get, ahem, one of them? Yeah, but if you donated my computer to Africa, it would become world famous as the slowest computer in Africa. So... Well Andy's desk needs a computer. And, I mean, it's just kinda a coincidence that I work there, but... Phyllis, no body is handing anything out. What are you gonna play mange on faster? Kevin, in sumo culture, you'd be considered a promising up and comer. It's crazy, right? Erin just wanted me to have it, so we switched. [nods] I just thought, he really needed a new computer, and he knew so much about that one. Pam, when I'm freaking out, I just sorta step back and- Is this worth freaking out about? That's interesting. So you also think my computer is crappy. Seriously? Pam! Come on! Pam. Can I talk to you in private? Well they put a sign-up sheet on the conference room and I signed us up for three mods. A mod is five minutes. And it started two minutes ago. Can we talk about this in the meeting? Because we're a little late. Mind if I close the door? [after shutting door in the conference room] What you did out there, earlier, was totally un-cool. You humiliated me in front of every body! I mean, it's pretty broken already. I was going to say dogs! Okay, you know what, this is over! Apology has been issued! And we're through with it. Packer will be here until the day he dies, just like the rest of us! No no no no no! We can say that the previous owner was a neat-freak. Or an elegant old lady and she just kept it around in case her grand-kids came to visit, but they d*ed and they never came, I think I'm gonna make myself cry. [watching Pam scrap his computer] That's probably good. That's enough. [plugging in new computer, acting to make people think he got a bad computer] Pam, how is this thing even any better than my old computer? Where'd you even find this thing, like, in the corner in the warehouse? So this new computer you found in the warehouse. Yeah, you really did. 'Cause I know every INCH of that warehouse. Maybe you could go back down there and see if you can find me some extra sick days. Really? 'Cause I think maybe I saw five. Three. [Daryl nods] No. Everybody assumes I am. I always get them as gifts. Oh. Oh, yikes. It's good that its cold it will drive business inside. No. Mom? Oh, which one is decaf? Hi. Oh, you know what, you have a siphon? I think I'm gonna run out of gas. Well, I'm writing a message. I'm asking Holly a question in f*re. Maybe. Hey you know what? I've got gas all over my hands and my shoes. Would you light it? Would you do the honors please? Pam. Could you light this please? I am not in the mood for riddles pam. No, this is romantic. They're legumes Dwight, and you're just gonna make fun of me, so why would I... You know what, this ends now. [crumples up beans, stomps on them, and throws them in a box] Why? Ok. Thank you all for coming. I would like to talk to you all today about... recycling. Yes. I could not have agreed with you more. Yes. Thank you. No, no, no, no. My minds made up I am not going to change my mind you can't talk me out of it. She's amazing. This is very exciting. Let me see. Heres the ring. Is she not going to like that? That mush have been a surprise when... at the gas station you proposed. I just... it's terrifying. Cause it's a big deal. I mean.. I knew Pam was gonna say yes but I was still scared. That's awesome! This is Jim and Pam, aka Jap. What started as an affair has blossomed into a family before our eyes. Yes it was. [points to picture of Cecelia] We made that. Well, congratulations. I have four kids of my own. Really? Oh, my gosh! We just have the one, but she poops for four. [laughs] That's- Alright, wait, little bit of backstory, she loves dogs. She calls them 'da-das'. Thank you very much. No she doesn't wa- She's not here. I love their breadsticks! I love when people say like cr*ck when they've obviously never done cr*ck. I don't know, something from your world. The breadsticks are like scrapbooking. [Jim and Pam are walking outside] I just don't understand the desire to push sweet potato fries on me, and not just regular fries. Please! Sorry. Get in. [Jim and Pam are confused and worried] Sorry sorry sorry. I eat lunch in the car now. It's my alone time. It's just nice to have some time away from Gabe. I, really don't like spending time with him. I think I'm gonna go. I can't just dump him Pam, I'm not like you, I can't be mean. Alright. [all applaud Jim] I gotta go do this. [Outside of the restaurant, obviously sad] So that is how it ends. My last Dundies ever. I was hoping it'd be more like Godfather Three. That rapped up the whole franchise in an extremely satisfying way. But instead it is like Godfather One! That was, very confusing, had maybe three big laughs. Oh well... No, no. You're being too hard on yourself. We had a very truncated rehearsal time. Nine million, nine hundred eighty six thousand minutes! That's how many minutes, that you've worked here. Please. [walking in] There they are! Party Planning Committee together again! Well we all wanted to plan your goodbye party. We thought this would be easier. The three of us have all been chairmen before. You know what, I'm thinking maybe we should get ice cream that everybody'll like. How about vanilla? Let's get vanilla. Tomorrow I want everyone to have a good time. No drama. And as for today, just a typical day. Alright? What do you like Pam? What kind of toppings would you like? Sounds beautiful! Yeah. Finally! That old shredder sucked. Yeah, it won't shred magazines. No, it's just... that old shredder sucks. [Michael looks tearful] Just get one that'll shred magazines. No. They make these cakes, they're wild! I mean, they show everything! I know what you're thinking, but it's not just black, they do it all. And the women on these cakes, they're not just guy's fantasies. They have real, full women. It is refreshing. As a person who buys a lot of erotic cakes, it feels good to be represented on one. [sees Pam walking towards the door of the office] Um, Pam. But it is already three o'clock! [Michael leaves, Jim gives a knowing look to the camera] [putting his shoes back on, talking to the camera crew] Well, I guess this is it. Hey will you guys let me know if this ever airs? Thank you. Alright... Oh! [pulls out his mic from his shirt] This is gonna feel so good, getting this thing off my chest. [he hands them the body mic, when he speaks it is inaudible now] That's what she said! [waves goodbye and walks off to his gate, halfway there Pam comes running up to him and they hug for a while. They say their goodbyes to each other, and Michael walks off for good] Snap, for real? Hold on. [continuing to talk to Darryl] And if you're really serious, you should go in the spring. No. Because the entire state smells like Earth. Yes, Pam. Put it with the rest. Hey! No he doesn't. You just get so nervous and hyper around him. Every time there's a silence, your brain's like "Heh-heh-huh-huh" [imitating crying]. Sorry g*ng. Thought my juggling stuff was in the trunk of my car. It's not. Sorry, I never touch another juggler's instruments. You know, we're all here, I've got the music cued, why don't I just do my routine without the juggling b*lls? [starts to play "Wake Me Up Inside" by Evanescence] Prepare... to go into the danger zone. [begins pretend juggling routine] Didn't drop a single ball! What could he possibly stand to gain from a fake juggling routine? How could I not see it? You're so right. And say what? "Hey Deangelo, are you shy or just a sexist?" Hello. Okay, okay, back to work, Kelly, we have a lot to get done today. Yup. [holds up phone and looks into Deangelo's office] No! I'm going in, into the belly of the beast. Gonna infiltrate and change from within. [joins the group in Deangelo's office] What's up, mancave! [makes barking noises] So this is my life. Until I win the lottery [laughs]. Or Pam finally writes that series of young adult books. [sighs] Oh, close call! Okay, why don't you just finish this up and leave it on my desk and I will see you at your place around 2 am. The man is paying me to take Chinese. I will say what I need to say, and soon, I will say it in Chinese. Jim! Come on in. Wait... Aaaaahhhhh! I'm coming. 30, and I find that the first hour of the day goes by a lot quicker than the second seven hours. He put some snacks in the freezer for us. [walking around the office with the holster around his waist] Yep. Yep, yep, yep. Lookin' good. [grunts] Ohh... [stretching out his arms to better indicate the g*n and holster] Oh, what a day. What a day. The g*n is just an accessory to the holster, okay? I can't walk around wearing an empty holster. In case you weren't hungry now, but you got hungry later. Put everything back in the vending machine except... the fruit. Pam made me put a banana in my holster. [pointing at a whiteboard with BOBODDY written on the left side, vertically] BO-BODDY! BO-BODDY. What does the first "B" stand for? I like it! Business! Good, Kevin! [writes after the first B, I, Z, N, U...] All right! The "O"... Yeah. They won't make me manager, and I won't settle for anything less. I've gone about as far as I can here. That's obvious. Time to take my talents elsewhere. [limo driver lets Angela out of the limo at the office parking lot] Thank you. Okay. He took me to the replica of Monet's Japanese bridge, and then he put this flower behind my ear, which normally, I would hate, 'cause it's so civil rightsy. Then he got down on one knee, and he said, will you be a Senator's wife? Yes, Pam. Not everyone is as informal as you and Jim. [imitating Jim's voice] Oh, hey Pam, dude, whatever, wanna marry me? [Erin, Kelly, and Meredith laugh] [on phone] First of all, I want to thank you for your years of patronizing our company. I've got some bad news. We're going out of business. [covers phone, whispers to Pam] Saving face. [uncovers phone] Yep, yep. I understand that. Basically everything is falling apart here. Pam looks around the office and realizes only she has overheard this] How is this on me? [takes the pictures] Okay I already see one, gimme. Okay. Pam... I think Robert is gay. [whispers] So!? I have a very strong suspicion. What bathhouse? [confused, whispers] What? My friend at the Scranton Blade is totally plugged into these matters. You guys, um, talking Senator? I don't think we should tell her. Angela went a whole day without telling me I had lettuce in my teeth. Screw her. You know, this is probably is her last chance at a family. We don't tell her. Who is our biggest client? [laughs] Okay. It's Creed. FYI, I'm starting my own paper company, looking to poach some chumps, you in? Hehehe, cool. Let's keep this on the QT, okay? I uh, I don't want you to be a dead mamma jamma. All right, thank you, bye-bye. I mean, we just have to see how many Senators and members of Congress want to attend, before we can open it up to regular people. Pam, you know how you and Jim did your ironic wedding? [Pam looks confused] Do you still have the plans for the dream wedding that you couldn't afford? Niagara Falls? Pregnant? That was your dream? Pork medallions? No, I mean an outsider. Like someone on the margins of society, who doesn't see things the way we do, like a homeless person. No, you're right, Pam, let's just leave him to the welfare system and let that handle it. [walks in] Gotta catch a plane. You remind me so much of my fourth-biggest client. I think you two should meet. K, I'm gonna need some help. Pam? Oh, yeah. Pregnant. No, I told you I don't like that joke. It is a boy. We found out early. Look, it's a ‘Little Pregs' [points to her belly] and ‘Big Pregs' [points to Pam's] Isn't it amazing, the difference in our sizes? You watching that commercial again? [Pam nods] Why do you keep watching it, if you know it's just gonna make you cry? He's got a bank vault. That's a start. Pam, pam. Psst. Pam. [motions her over, both looking at Robert's notebook] [throws hard, Jim doesn't catch] Nice catch. Uh, no, actually. That was in Robert's notebook. Oh, okay. I don't want any part of this. I don't think it's- Alright, well, I will see you in a bit. Hey. It's nothing. Alright? I'll text you when we get there. Let you know what's going on. Nope. No dog video. That's pizza. Ah hah! Their interpretation of Margarita pizza. Fans of classic pizza will be psyched. [Pam's phone vibrates] Oh, text from Jim. "This is getting very weird. Will explain later." Okay, not to point out the glaringly obvious, but doesn't the fact that I'm in this group make anyone feel just a little bit better? Oh! This crust is sharp! C'mon Pam. Chins up, okay? Bad joke. Look around this room. Does this look like a group of losers? Seriously? Well, that was certainly an odd lunch. Is everything alright? Alright, I'm gonna go warm up the car. Okay. Oh, uh, you dropped something. Jim? Me do it now. Go. Stop worry. Me feel good. Body strong. Sleep big last night. He's always been like that. No me fault. See world. "Unleash the power of the pyramid." Um, D-Dog, you have a message. Have you seen this? [Hands Pam Parenting magazine] Have you read it? Has an adult member of your family read this particular issue? So you saw the article on the importance of taking frequent walks while you're pregnant? We know that. I will be taking a morning walk and an afternoon walk. Would you like to join me? You have a walking buddy. "Well, how does this work?" You're exactly right and you get a point. Yeah! Yeah. Big sale. Don't worry about it though, I don't really care about the points. I would like a point receipt though...[on phone] Hey! Yes, this is Jim Halpert calling for Donald...can you hold on for one second? Thank you very much. [gets up to give Erin his point receipt] [on the phone]and I'm back. How are you sir?....I think we can squeeze a couple more golf games in, right? Took ‘em one day. I like it, I like it! [Pam flips the page] What else you got? Oh, and then this was Phyllis's idea...[shocked cheers] So nasty Phyllis! So, coming out of his butt is a... Baby... Well, I think down's better. Sweating pretty heavily down there. OK, you want me to... There's something about an underdog that really inspires...the unexceptional. Well, we could talk about an ethical dilemma I'm having. A coworker of mine is drinking caffeine while pregnant, and I don't know if I should call social services about it. Maybe. In mugs with trace amounts of coffee! I already did. Fine. Bye! [Kevin's horn honks twice shortly, then one long honk. sh*t shows him passed out on his steering wheel.] Oh man, it's gotta be over a hundred thousand dollars. No, I'd probably buy a big piece of land in Maine, build a house, work in town. Somewhere I could bike to or kayak to. I'd either bike to my job at the kayak shop or kayak to my job at the bike shop. Whoa. Saucy. I thought you liked Maine? SoHo's mostly lofts but OK. Oh, god. Which ideally would be me.... Stop. I'm a barista in your fantasy? Good old Kevin. He'll do anything. Well guess what? I will not do a good job. Sure. Oh, sorry. I thought it was a guess your baby's birth weight pool. Yeah. And I said sorry. Nice. Right back where I like you. [Pam is sitting at reception covering for Erin] Can you make ten copies of this for me? Why not? What are you doing? Ah, everyone wants to be rich, but nobody wants to work for it. It used to be Reggie Winters out at Gold's Gym. But he moved away. And then it was between Bruce and this guy Dean. Um, but Dean got fixated on his calves and uh, and his triceps went to hell. It is, yeah. I mean I just don't know why I'm compromising if it's my fantasy. Cause in my fantasy it's Maine and you love it. I would spend a lot of time launching my true crime podcast, The Flenderson Files. Dum bum buh. [whispers] Flenderson files. Right. It's city and country combined. And I can fish right from the window of Pam's pottery studio. And we can chat any time we want. [laughs] Just like now....too bad the schools are terrible. But what are you gonna do about that? No. [entering office] What's going on? Aw, ew, please don't. Not a barbecue. It's better than a barbecue. It's dignified, quieter, there are rules. Is there anything you wish you had done differently to avoid cankles? I've already gone up another cup size. The senator is grossed out. When do you start feeling it kick? Phillip? Phillip is the name that we're using. It's after my favorite cat. I would like to toast someone who isn't here but who will be in just four short months. Welcome to the world, Phillip Lipton! Thanks, Oscar. Closing ceremonies. G'day, Pameroo. Could you sh**t this off for me? Australian accent... Oh, I just wanted to see how you do it, if you're doing something I don't. That Andy, so hot and cold. One day he's like, fax these documents, please. The next he's like, Pam, you fax them, who cares what Erin's feeling, right? Pam, how would you rate me as a receptionist on a scale of 1 to 3? That's like, the second to last thing I wanted to hear. Yeah... I always wondered what kind of people went on that thing. [sigh] What happened, Pam? Wait, they have food there? Hey. Oh, this Man In Black thing, what do you think that was about? Was it, like, trickery in the lights, or maybe you were so primed to see it, then there it was? Mmhmm. No, but what I'm saying is, like, do you ever wonder what it was? Yeah, I had just told you about the day that I met the Blue Angels. I figured you had to top it. Ok let me go get it. Hey it's Jim Halpert. I was wondering if you wanted to see a movie tonight. Because I've read a lot about this really great documentary. [laughs] It's called Ghostbusters. It didn't have a buster sign around him? Why don't you draw him? Why don't we see this whole thing. I ain't fraid of no ghost. [Pam holds up drawing of a hand with the middle finger raised] Whoa! [whispering] Thank you. Careful, whoa. First of all, it's not like I think that's going to help the Eagles win. Like, a few years down the road, Cece says, "Mom, there's a ghost in my closet." Now, you say one of two things - one, "You're just having a bad dream," or two, "Let's go see what it was." Ok. Come on pam!Andy/ [Singing, Pam mumbling lyrics] Closing time, time for you to go home to the places you will be from. Dwight's car is gone. Well now hold on it, it- What does it look like I'm doing? Digging a grave for a horse. Do you need a hand? Exactly. Here we go. Let's do it. In. I'm hungry. Okay. Take off your shoes. Except you Kevin, they stay on. [Kevin comes around corner with a pan, ready to strike Dwight, Pam shakes her head] Oh, Pam. You got something on your shirt. Did you just have a stroke, Pam? It's "Nobody's perfect." Nice stroke, Pam. Dwight, there's just a small matter of a- Any specific animal? What are you doing? It's 5 to 5. That's insane! Trust you, like I trusted Dwight this morning. Enngh- My serve! Alright thank you officer. Erin please hold all my other calls. Where were we? Hi. I think everything is under control. You should sit down. No I should go fill out my paperwork. Oh we know. Yeah me too. What's that? No, no. Not even. Radiant. It's one of the most common fetishes. We all got to go sometime. Hey. Yeah. Super pretty. The temp? Nope. And I'm telling you, I don't. No, I'm not going to tell my nine-months-pregnant wife that I find her replacement objectively attractive. Just like I'm not going to tell my two-year-old daughter that violent video games are objectively more fun. It's true, but it doesn't help anybody. That's just absurd. Her breasts are large, her waist is small, her reproductive health in ample evidence. And facial symmetry- come on. The thing about pregnancy is people treat you differently. Like you're a kid almost. They lose all sense of boundaries. They start acting weird, telling you things that clearly aren't true. I know it sounds nuts, but I think Dwight is the only one who's telling me the truth. Why would I or anyone else think that you're hot right now? I can't impregnate you, and that's the driving force between male-female attraction. Meh... you were at your most attractive when you were 24 with a slight, gradual decline and a steep drop-off when you got pregnant for the first time. Gradual recovery and, uh, well now, obviously, you're at an all-time low. You think Jim's lying? [laughs] That's so cute. I know he's lying. Done. [Pam goes for a high five] I never touch a pregnant woman. If we're going to work together, we need some ground rules. our only loyalty is to the truth. we stop at nothing. Don't fall in love. We're gonna bust this guy. So important. And then we will destroy the man himself. It is called the matchmaker test, and it is very powerful. Basically we have Pam ask Jim which of his friends he would set up with Cathy. If Jim picks a really hot friend, then we know that he thinks that Cathy's hot. [singing] Have you heard about the midnight rambler? [Lisa, the guitarist, enters] Hey, come on in, baby. Yeah! Oh, I stand corrected. Oh, you know who might be good? Mike Tibbets. [sees photo of Mike Tibbets] Eww! I mean, I guess he'd be okay with hair. Okay, you should see if he'll get hair plugs. I don't see what's so ugly about him. He's got the broad face of a brewer. Hmm? Just ugly enough to have deniability. I'm gonna write something mean on his wall. Okay, just shut it. I can't tell. It's unnaturally sunken. [Jim says something and Cathy laughs] Busted. He just was mirroring. Did you see that? Jim has no discernible sense of humor, Pam. You should know that. Time for me to find out. [to Pam] Does your husband have very soft erections? Because if not, I just grabbed a very soft penis for nothing. Why was he making her laugh so much? Yeah, take your time. Um, do I hand in my expense reports to a particular accountant or- Sorry, um, I'll just go ask Oscar. You okay? Okay, what can I do to make you believe me? She called it crazy? Aw, man, that's insulting. All I did was propose a makeshift lie-detector test. Monitoring his blood pressure, pulse, perspiration, and breathing rate. [to Pam] Really? Si. Yep, he's lying. I am not lying. I would listen to my homemade test, because your husband is definitely lying. In fact, he's lied about every question. Even his name. Who are you really? Look at the numbers. Every single time, it's come up 150 over 100. Your husband is a pathological liar. Oh, he is definitely attracted to her. Yeah, but I don't smoke. It's important to go every month and get your prostate checked. You can do it at home by yourself with your finger. You just stick it- Okay. Doesn't it worry you in the slightest that Jim is not his real name? Oh, is it okay with you? Because if it's not, you work for me, so... Comply with all applicable laws, regulations, policies and contracts governing our business. Be honest, fair- And trustworthy in all your business activities and relationships. Treat one another- Oh okay, she's going into labor. Make way, everybody! I know it's wrong to fake going into labor just to get out of things, but sometimes it's necessary. Or should I have corndogs. I mean- Okay, three reasons you are wrong about True Blood. Number one- I'm going into labor. Okay. Oh. [liquid splatters] Oh my God! Okay guys, here we go! We'll see you! Goodbye! Good luck! [empty bottle falls to the ground] Not food and stuff. Oh, if you buy the picnic table then you've got to get the f*re pit. Oh, hi there. Oh, uh, no. No, no, no, no. I'm, uh, I'm actually with a tour group myself, so- [laughter] Hello! I'm Abraham Lincoln! Some people call me the great emancipator, but, uh, you might know me from the penny. [laughter] I am not. Um, excuse me. I'm gonna go to the bathroom. Yes, I am brining my kids in to help me get out of this hole. And you all remember my beautiful wife, Pam. Whoa, whoa, whoa, game face, baby, game face. Whoa, no, no. That's overdoing it, I think. Split the difference? Okay, let's go. Hi. Hi. Hey, Angela's back with her baby. Let me have a turn. Did you say something about this one bringing in something for these people? Cookies? That was a great idea. No. Yes. [cries] Mama! It's okay. All right, all right. Okay. All right, I know, I know. Let's just get this. Oh bud, I know. Do you have a pacifier or anything? Cece! Okay, okay, we gotta go. All right, we're going home, we're going home. We're going home, we're going home. I know, I know, bud. I know, I know. I'm gonna grab her, okay. I have a kid. Last week, Jim at home? That was no vacation. Oh ho! Look who's back reporting for duty. Hey. Are you glad to be back? You still had eight weeks more than we did. I wanted to come back to work. Not everybody needs some long luxurious Parisian maternity leave. [removes coat] [murmurs of delight as people shuffle toward the treats] Extremely, but I'm gonna fight through it. I don't know what that is, Pam. I made a batch with no nuts, special for you Kevin, right here. Babies sleep a lot Pam, if you feed them enough. Brownie Pam? I wouldn't know, I'm watching my weight. Ugh. Nope. It's over. Pam, pack up your post-natal swimwear, make it a one piece or this offer is rescinded, and join me on a fantastic barbeque one week from today in Tallahassee, Florida where I'm going to be living for the next three weeks. Mm hm. Eh! No plus one's. This is for competent workers only. And don't worry about the cost, Sabre is footing the bill. I just got a text from Robert California that says "bring your clubs to Florida". I hope not. [laughs] Because I am not going. Two question marks? Kevin!? Kelly!? Kathy!? Andy just gave me a chain with three weak links. Have you ever tried to use a chain with three weak links? I have. And now I no longer own an arctic wolf. "Robert, Hey!" Exclamation point. "Got your text, awesome idea. Let's h*t the links next time you're in PA" Dash JH. Yeah, it's a golf text. I'm out. [reading text] Robert, great offer. Wish I could h*t the links with you in Florida but a father of a newborn really should be helping out his wife any chance he gets. Ok, sending. Now, is it too dark to say that Cici's having an operation? I think you're right. Total nightmare. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. They're incredibly helpful, you're lucky to have them. I mean with them there, you probably won't even know I'm gone. No, no, no, no. Just put it on my chair. Bye. Yes, right here. Got it. Dink, ow. [chuckles, clicks tongue] In the trash. We're screwed. Oh! There we go! Pam? Can you get the phone? Mm, well, you used to be. That was an interesting diversion. Shall we get back to the meeting? Oops. That's embarrassing. Egg on my face. [ties jacket around wound] Ah. Yes I am, as a matter of fact. Andy, when I was twelve years old, we did a field trip, a lock-in at the zoo. I met this girl, I thought she was so perfect. I was in love with her. But when the sun came up, I knew it wasn't real, 'cause she was ugly and I had grown tired of her. I know you want reception today, but tomorrow you won't want to do her. She's a dog. [groans] Ugh! Fine. Did you see this? [points to pens in cup]  Hey, you guys want to see a picture of Gerald wearing galoshes? He refused to go out in the rain until I bought these. Now going out in the rain is all he wants to do. News flash - If you didn't carry it around for nine months, it isn't your kid. Hey, are your little dudes crawling yet? My Phillip is crawling. Exactly. That's just like crate training. All night long, all night long. [laughing] Check this out. My brother just got a new sailboat. He has NO idea what he just got himself into. There's nothing harder than taking care of a boat...am i right?Angela/ 00. Workday is over. Put your pencils down. Aaannnnddd bring 'em back up, because now, the late night work jam begins! Say what? Say what? Tonight we're staying late to service the accounts of the people who went on the Florida trip. Hey. [Jim Face] Play it cool, man. She'll come around. Yeah, but... My friend Jim would tell you to play it cool. It has been delivered. Here's what happened. Pam and I were arriving for the day. And there was a g*ng in the parking lot on bikes, on, on motorcycles. And they were just hassling Pam... They had, uh... w*apon. I just stepped in to talk some sense into them. Punches were going, and I ducked a few, landed a couple, and I was fighting them off. It was totally, like, like, senseless crime. No, no, no, no, no, we don't need to call the police. They'll just ask everybody questions, get up in everyone's business, right, Pam? Because I have neighborhood Pride. 1-8-5-0-5. There. That chubby one. Yesterday? Sorry I kicked your ass in front of your "thin" girlfriend. Hey, hey, hey. Kelly Kelly, Kelly... come on.... Ow! God! My good eye! [opens box, pulls out and displays contents] It's a photo of all of us. Oh, now mine's broken. Hang on. [turns his laptop on its side while lying on desk] Oh, there we go. No, no, I think it was more like, 'you know, I liked him, but I don't anymore because he did a bad job, so I'm definitely gonna yell at him'. I tried. He will not listen. Stanley's very upset that we're leaving Florida. But he would back me up. [to Kevin] Oh, you know what you have to do? To decide? You need to make them do things for you. And, like, buy you things. Does anyone else think this is weird? And like, kind of uncool, actually? To leave us without a receptionist? [insincerely] Good to be back. Hey. I missed you. [they embrace and kiss as Andy watches on sadly]  Nice. There's this balloon that has been floating in the rafters of the warehouse for, like, ever. And, okay, it's not -- it doesn't sound cool. You just have to see it. Wow. It's the end of an era. Mm. I- I said I'm Tony. Okay I made a mistake. I thought it might go unnoticed. But uh, I'm Toby. So no one can tell me what's going on. Well, let me illuminate things for you. We are getting to know each other. [in American accent] But why, m'lady? [in normal voice] Because I am your new manager. Performance reviews. Any luck? Trust you? The way Pam trusted you to provide for her so she wouldn't have to work? So Phyllis, now you know the rules of the game. Would you care to have a go? I'm fairly certain you're going to like it. So, Pamela, I'm going to start this review, not by telling you what you lack, but rather, asking you what it is you want. That's not really what you want. What you want is a good night's sleep, working mother of two. Does Jim have to breastfeed? Did Jim carry around those babies for-- what is it? 12 months? Be honest, does Jim really get up in the night? You must be exhausted. Fancy a nap? Go on. Have a nap. Lie down right here. There's a blanket in here. I used it earlier myself. Dreamt I could breathe underwater like Jacques Cousteau. No one will know. I'll wake you up. And when you wake up, you will earn more money. "I'm amazing."  Oh, because your jokes are all hilarious. Stanley doesn't have a moustache. Pam, h*t the brakes. Stanley does not have a moustache. I misspoke. I'm not sure. I think he has one, now that- I think he has a moustache. Oh, I don't know. Now I think he doesn't. 'Cause we come here to do our jobs. We don't stick our noses in other people's business. Yes! "Good morning, Robert," says no one because our receptionist is in Florida. [no one responds] Pam! Is this a video conference you're having with "Drake, featuring Swizz Beatz"? The rest of you, let's throw a party at the end of the day to welcome the newest member of our little community. I'm sorry, we're taking work time to move someone's personal belongings into their new apartment. I can't believe he's making us throw a party for her. On purpose. [cell phone rings] Excuse me, one second. Hi. That's moving boxes. We just came up with the term to make it sound cooler. Sounds like every other party. Oh! Hire a magician. Trust me. [in the phone] You know what, Pam? I was thinking maybe we should change course here. Let's give up on all this mean stuff. Absolutely. Yeah. [whispers] Call it off, Pam. Call it off, okay? It's way more complicated than you think. Cancel the magician. Trust me. We're going to have the fluorescent lights flickering. It's gonna make everyone sick. Okay. We're in far too deep. We can't change course at this point. [singing] By yon bonnie banks and by yon bonnie braes... Yeah! Hey, how about we go with Pam? Simple, easy to remember. -that you guys hate Pam. Do you ever wish she would just... disappear? [sets off flash paper] But I never could seem to figure out those knots. You don't even know how to drive! Bye Andy! Loser! Nice car! Yes ma'am. What? That ain't right. Wait a minute! You said it was a magician, right? [Pam nods] You don't think he could've used... it couldn't have been... Time's almost up. How many are left? What do you mean? ...and then just lay him in his crib, and then bicycle his legs. And then after Jim quiets down, you do the same thing with your baby. [Pam, Jim and Kelly laugh] But if he keeps having problems, just give me a call. It's no bother, you guys are our friends. Yep. Because Kelly is Indian and... oh, that's it. Race had nothing to do with it. I just knew they'd be good together. [cries, slams fist on desk] Why? Don't shake the baby. Um, a lot of times, parents get frustrated 'cause the baby's crying and they shake the baby. And you got to, um, you can't do that. Yeah. Oh, my God. Hey, um, what's the deal with this guy? He's really into Kelly, huh? Okay, okay. He's so sweet. He pointed to my latte and he said, "Kelly, that will be the color of our children." Which time? Okay, so I- What happened? Um... I don't... Uh, yes, that time that it was very late. Uh, we'd had sex so many times already, I was exhausted... Hey, I hear you been bad-mouthing me to Kelly. Well that's your opinion and it's her opinion, but it's not my opinion. If you have something bad to say to me, Pam, say it to my face. Kelly, I wrote you the most amazing love poem. But I can't even read it. My heart couldn't handle it. Oh, come on. No. It would cause me too much pain. No. You are toxic! You are toxic! Well you do a lot, so just don't. Thank you. I know that I haven't always treated you the way that you, for whatever reason, feel you deserve to be treated. But I want to marry you, Kelly Kapoor. Maybe not today, maybe not tomorrow, but someday, and probably. Yes. Not at all, can we go? Second line. "And when the Indian Ocean calms, one speck of white remains in waters cold and Kelly green." [pacing back and forth.] No, no, no, no, no, no, no! No, no, no, no, no, no. Smokey's dead. Um... God, so many, Nellie! Okay, I'm not... I'm not playing this game, Pam. Not today. Wow! Look at that! It says he's actually playing State College. That's only three hours away! Tickets are 250 bucks. How much is parking, like 30 bucks? That's not what Smokey would have wanted. Does want. That's how workplace tragedies always begin. A middle aged white male "hanging out". Call the cops! guys, everything is fine! I'm just here to pick up Erin. We're going to the Fundraiser. The hero lives in this dystopian future and he flies around in a spaceship that's shaped like a treble clef. And he has to sing his heart out to destroy all evil. I stumbled into a very dramatic situation. Angelas husband just h*t on me! Okay, what was this look? [Oscar does the look.] What happened, did he do it? Okay guys, not every glance means something, alright? Life isn't Downton Abbey. This is interesting. what is interesting? I just proved that he gives his cell out to everybody. He does not think Jim's gay. A gay man would not leave the house wearing those shoes. Thank you! Okay well, Andy, listen. It's okay if you don't feel totally settled. This is all very fresh. My dog Ruby doesn't do anything, she just lays there all day! She's so chill. Doesn't really poop. It's perfect, nothing to pick up! She just kind of lies there all day like a good girl. I put on the TV for her, but I have to prop her eyes open so she can see it. Pam, when's the last time you lived so intensely that your brain literally couldn't hold the memories in? Apparently, I left a phone message for Nellie last night, and I need you to find out what I said. Yes, ‘course. Why don't you list the things that would keep you from helping me. Let's do it now. What's number one? There we go. Come on in. [Andy walks in] Shut up. Hmm. Excellent. Excellent. Though troubling that your first instinct is thievery. Shopaholic. This is Annie from second nests. I'm sorry, but the Romanian orphanage felt more comfortable with a two-person nuclear family than a single mother, so, we're gonna hold out for that. Pam, we need to get to the bottom of this. No, come on. Pam, Pam, you've completely bungled this! Ah. Ahh. [walks out] Can I do it, Pam? Can I put off a gold Arabian sandal? Oh! Oh, gosh. Thank you. I'm... so stupid. Oh, god, Pam. Don't get me started. You've just got me started. Robert... is... a filthy beast. I mean, don't you get the feeling, he's just thinking of fifteen different ways to do you? I mean, the man talks of nothing but sex. I cannot even tell you what he left on my phone last night. Webcams make me look the way I do in my fantasies. Mmm, I can't hold it in any longer. Um, I am faking this, okay? Because I convinced David Wallace to buy Dunder Mifflin back from Sabre. And at three o'clock today he's gonna walk in here and reinstate me as manager. Pam? No! No, we talked about not bringing them in to Dwight's photo studio slash trap. No, we decided it was crazy not to worry about it. Nope. But are you a hundred percent sure? I don't think any of us are. Nope. That's- That's- Great, right up there. Yeah. You just sit right here. Here we go. Alright. Why don't you just- -give him to me and... perfect. This is great. Excuse me. Just do it. That's it. What? Oh boy. Andy tells me about seeing David Wallace all the time. Hey guys, long time. So I patched him with stuff from around the office. But I couldn't get the pieces to fit right. Then one day, when I was reaching for the glue, I crushed his shell again. But I rebuilt him even better that time. But it turned out the turtle was already day. Probably when I ran over him the first time. You are really good at modesty. She's a genius. She painted this incredible mural in the kids' room. There's a hippo leading a parade of 500 children— Its sports marketing basically. But the athletes are partners. In Philly, so, that doesn't really work for the family. Watch this guy make a billion dollars off my idea. I've actually done a lot of market research and it actually turns out that southwestern Ohio is going to be the next Silicon Valley. They call it the Silicon Prairie. It's a big university town. And, uh, that's not garbage, it's out clothes. Well we're more following you guys, to see how you turn out. Slack lining, please. Untie that rope, give it to a couple of pig-tailed school girls, let them start jumping with it while chanting a rhyme and giggling about boys. Doesn't seem so macho now, does it? It's a jump rope! Pam? Hey come up here, up the ladder. Come on. Do you see how the trapeze completely surrounds the wire? That means it's literally impossible for anyone to fall off. So you will merely sit below and be my counterweight as I pedal across the parking lot to that telephone pole. You will. Yeah we weigh about the same, wouldn't you say? So you'll do it? Come on, this will be the only thrill of your boring life. Come on. No, Pam. Please? Please, Pam? [on phone] Yeah. Good news, tonight when you come over for dinner, you can play with your old buddy Comstock. Yeah. You know what? I'll meet you down there. Just gotta make a quick call.  [viewing the chore wheel for the first time] Oh, yeah! Can I spin first? Yeah, you know, like [motions arm in circles] guh, guh, guh, guh, guh, guh, guh... guh. [reluctantly] Spinning would be more fun. [spinning a new ‘chore wheel' while everyone claps] Okay, that's what I'm talking about! Big money, big money! [wheel stops on ‘mug duty', disappointed] Mug duty? Yeah, seriously, it's like everything on there is work. Yeah, I don't think that you understand wheels. I've been through several rounds of development with the team and here's where we stand with the chore wheel. [introducing a third ‘chore wheel', excited] We've got prizes! Ten bucks, candy bar, manager for an hour but, there are also penalties. Like, no internet, Stanley gets your lunch. The one thing that is not on the chore wheel is chores. But they were right; it's more fun this way. [everyone cheers as Meredith spins and lands on ‘tiny wheel'] The tiny wheel actually does have chores. It's so cute no one seems to mind. [at the Halpert residence as Cece twirls in the front yard, exiting front door] Pam, we gotta go. Cece, go back inside. Grandma's got breakfast, OK? [to camera] We are going to Roy's wedding. Yep, Roy. I think the only weird thing about going to your wife's ex-fiancé's wedding on a weekday at eight AM is that it's your wife's ex-fiancé. [to Pam] A banana? Oh, come on. Not even Roy will have hot dogs at his wedding. [Jim and Pam approaching the wedding venue] Is this his house? [approaching Jim and Pam] Mimosa? Would you like me to take your peel? OK. Uh, my ex-fiancé. He plays piano? [clapping] You got this, Roy. [Roy begins playing and singing She's Got a Way by Billy Joel, Pam and Jim looked shocked, Phyllis and Bob begin making out] Definitely. Courtside seats. Sixers. It was an away game. No. [in the kitchen] Oh, here's one. Did I ever tell you about the time that my brothers videotaped the lottery announcement? And bought the winning numbers the next day? And then, played the tape for me the next week, and I- You heard that one. That I thought we were millionaires. Ready? Oh! Johnny Depp. It's not even real yet. And I'm not gonna tell her 'til it's real. [as Pam stares at him] I can feel you looking at me. Uh-huh. [after a pause] That didn't happen. You would've told me right away. Uh... [looks at Pam] You don't work here! You're not Jim! Oh great, can't wait. [Kisses Pam] It means "excellent". And we have g*n. Hmm? Oh—oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, fine. Fine, fine, fine. I'm mean, I d—I just don't wanna—burden you with my massive stress freak outs! [sighs] Oh, Pam, thank you! You are my savior! [hugs Pam]Nellie and [giggling] ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!! Darryl said, "Cool, man." He called me as cool man. Mmmm—the thing is Pam, I'm gonna be eating while I'm driving, so, I might as well get good at it. Wah!! Aggenda!! [laughs mischievously] Yeeeeahhhh! It's almost unbelievable! Well, you know how Andy has been really salting my onions, lately. Well, when he asked me to look up his ancestry online, I remembered that news story about Michelle Obama having white relatives, and I just knew he would eat that up! Pam, I barely know how to turn on my computer. [laughs] [whispers] Pam! [she pretends to slam a wrench over the tire service guy's head]. Oh, still, it must great to have something else going on outside of work. That is brilliant, Pam. I would love to see some of your work. That's amazing, Pam! Oh, I love the lion in the tuxedo! Ha ha! Okay. Great. Very funny. I get it. Just because my ancestors happen to be—[ringtone of Dixie plays]. Very funny, Kevin. Changed my ringtone. Very funny. I liked the original song on my ringtone, which, you may remember, was "Diamonds on the Soles of Her Shoes" by Paul Simon, featurinnnngg Lady Smith—African American—Mambazo. Mm. Ugh, looks like its pretend-y time again. Write back, "looking for dirt." Pam, I'm related to Tonya Harding. No! I'm just practicing my lyyiiinggg! [whispers] I love it. What should we say about Jim? My ex behaved like Nixon. All of the lying. None of the sexual charisma. [pauses] I just made a joke there. Oh no! Oh! An affair! It is always an affair! [sighs]. How can you be sure? [with a sigh] Okay. It's not real... until your wife is on board. That is quite an ugly wall, isn't it? Needs something, doesn't it? I'm thinking...a mural. Yes! You! You are soo talented! It's going to be my next special project. Hiring Scranton's most dangerous young muralist to paint the warehouse wall. Anything you have to say to her, you can say to me. She never loved you! I don't know what I was so worried about. I have the best wife in the world. I still can't believe he didn't tell me. [mocking] Oh, the wires need insulation. [normal voice] It's a wire people. I'm not buying it a fur coat. You people don't realize what you're asking. I'd have to rip open the walls. We'd have to shut this place down for a week. I'm gonna drive you up to the lake, give you a whole week on the water. Just you, me and the kids. You mean Laverne's Pies Tires Fixed Also? [Pam nods] Yes we will be doing that. We'll be getting a dozen. Why would you say that? I meant 4 apple, 4 blueberry, 2 cherry, 1 peach and 1 chocolate. I thought that was implied. What? [to Pam] I'm so sorry for all of this. I, I need to get to the paper please. [Reaching for overhead bin above Pam, papers fall and Pam has liquid spilled on her] I'll get you a napkin. Someone get napkins please! Laverne's Pies Tires Fixed Also. Shabooyah, role call. Shabooyah, yah yah shabooyah, role call. Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Dunder Mifflin road trip twenty twelve! [group takes pictures] Ah OK, now a serious one. If by lately you mean the last twelve years, yeah. He's just mad that we're all having fun. Are you kidding me? Dwight, come on! [Dwight's footsteps sound from the ceiling] Just drive away. Just.. Guys, we only have eighteen minutes left. At sixty one miles an hour we're just gonna barely make it. You know he's doing all this on purpose. OK. And they're all dangerously close to not getting pie. And there's only one guy who can save them. It's not me. It's pretty good actually. When you don't get out of the way! Out of the way! Oh, better than OK. [grabs Pam's shoulders] You know what honey? I'm gonna get you that rhubarb pie. Don't.. You don't have the guts. You stupid, dumb, doo doo face! [Oscar pies Kevin] Yes! We did it. Yeah. [Andy plays banjo] Hey guys. Pam, what are you? Cece's really into princesses now. So we decided to turn them into a positive female role models. Jim, come on. I thought we were past this. There's a big investment lunch today, so I decided to skip the costume. Gettin' a lot of mileage out of this, aren't ya? My Cornell a capella group. Are you sure you're okay with me putting in this much money. You're the best. Okay. I'll see you in a little bit. There's a madman in our midst. I'm sexy Toby. Oh Dwight, look, its just a pill, all right? It's for anxiety. I take it every day. And it makes me feel better. And maybe it could help you too. Oh man, it was great. They were great. I did, yeah. Uh, man, by the end I guess it was about... ten... Ten. It was the full ten. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's a good thing we talked about it though, because we had to... Yeah. What is it? Um, oh man, I don't actually know. [vocalizing] No, no, I had to. Look, I needed to look like a team player, Pam. [singing ‘I'll Be' directly to Pam] Pam. [singing] [singing] Angela, it's Halloween. You have to sing ‘Monster Mash'. Uh... Okay. We'll, just forget it. Because it is Halloween. So if you're going to sing a concert, it's a good idea to throw that one in. White, I'm not a day trader, I'm just a first responder in a disaster. And his brother, Walt Jr., locked himself in the wine cellar. Competent. I don't know what that means. Hey, hey- Yeah, she hosts the Dr. Laura Show. Yes the boat means everything to my family, but we need the money. Got the memories, don't need the boat. Can't cry about it. What are you gonna do? Cry about it? [chokes up] Excuse me. Well why don't I go and tell Dwight so he can stop being such a complete nipple. Vroom! Dunder Mifflin. Dunder Mifflin. Good. Sounds- [phone rings in break room, Dwight picks up] This is Dwight Shrute. Well, as it happens we have with us the foreman of your upstate New York paper mill, Sandra Mc...Sandra Mick [points to Pam] Let's get straight to the point. Is your paper toxic? Thank you Sandra! Whoa! I miss Clinton. Okay. With pleasure. Get ready to learn a few new tricks, old dog. He's absolutely right. I'm really struggling. [sighing] I will tell her what her needs are and then fill them. So this is going to work out best for you if you just relax and do nothing. And once I'm finished, it's over. What's happening in three months? Yes. That's impossible. Listening happens in the ear and in the brain. I mean, some organisms have external hairs that vibrate to indicate auditory stimulation but unfortunately, our external hairs don't vibrate at all. What are you doing? Kind of. Okay, yeah. This is a lost cause. It's hopeless. Ten years ago, I didn't care if Dwight got married or d*ed a beet-farming bachelor. But having kids makes you so soft. I used to watch Pulp Fiction and laugh, and now I'm like, that poor gimp is somebody's child. Look, I have no problem with women. It's businesswomen and their, their power suits and their shoulder pads. Don't lie about your shoulders! I had a barber once who used to comb my hair gently. Okay, I can do that. He used to fight dogs. Have a seat. Um, she will be right in. Uh... um she'll be right in. [to himself] Just a little off the top and then a nice combing. Yeah, just comb it. Oh, dear God in heaven. You son of a b*tch. You're f*ring me? Where the hell do you get off? Jim and I are pretty sure she had an affair with her ex-assistant Hunter. He was 17. But she looks great. If she asks, will you tell her I said that? Where's Wallace? Hey. Your daughter could be a bubble bath model. I could just bite her head off. [laughs] Okay. No, I do. Insightful, Pam. Yes, she is. Now, I may not have any instincts with women, but I have an instinct for sales. You keep her occupied. I'll be right back. Pam? I'm a very busy woman, so... [audio from slide show, singing] Mommy, you're a princess. Mommy, you're a superstar. Mommy you're the greatest. How can I ever fill your sho-o-o-es? Aw. [chuckles] Well, that -- that was -- that was me too. Cece can't spell her name. Well, it's not really much of a comparison, is it? I mean, "Cece" is two letters and "Astrid" is... I mean, there's even some adults who -- who -- who can't spell it. Can you spell it? Try to spell it, Pam. Don't patronize me. This could be the affair that you're scared of. Politicians are wonderful liars. You never know who they really are. [pause] But uh, he's probably not gay. He's straight. He's straight, so... Jan... You thought I had no more cards left to play. Well I've got one. Man-boy! The Ace of Babes. I don't recall. And yes, Molly is crap. [phone vibrates, rings] Oh and uh, Molly... I know it can't be easy working for Jan. Good luck with your feelings. Oh, I got her number. 415-YCL. That's all you need. And when I have curried favor with her, I will let you know. Well, well, well, it's finally happened. Pam has ceased caring. You got this, Beesley. Actually, do you want me to come down and help you get started? Today I will be asking David Wallace if I can start working part-time, because the sports marketing company that I started really needs me to be there. I could have prevented that. So I have to talk to Wallace. [sighs] Hey David, how would you like a guy who's not here as much, gets paid the same amount of salary, and has bigger fish to fry in Philadelphia? Wow! You paint wall now? You paint now. That's cheating. You? Little Miss Priss? You wouldn't fart on a butterfly. Remember, you're a scumbag, so you think scummy thoughts. Like this. Did she buy it? Were they angry? Yes! Well, a woman who struggled with obesity all her life. Oh, my God, thank you. [hugging both] Thank you. You paint very bad-- [Sighs] I'm having second thoughts about one of the shirts I packed. The blue one with the stripes. [Blows a weak whistle] Party planning cimmittee, emgergency meeting. Now. I could, sure. Have a seat. I would start at the beginning, but I think I need to go farther back. Let's do it! No. I don't want my name attached to this party. Just take her name off of everything.[Party Planning Committee walks out of The Conference Room] Yes! Yeah! [High Fives Jim] Yeah! Okay! Yes! It's a Christmas Miracle! [High Fives Pam] Yeah! Whoo-Hoo! Uh-huh. Uh, Oh. Best Christmas ever. That is gluhwein, otherwise known as glow-wine, also used to sterilize medical instruments. And, interesting factoid, this is the very spoon that guided my soft skull through the birth canal when I was born. Enjoy. [Comes running up at startles Pam] Somebody's found the hog maw. I don't know. Is it what you expected? Wow! It's my favorite part of Christmas. The authority. Huh. Ooh. Stop giggling. [In the parking lot, holding his side, walking to the taxi, Pam follows] Oh...what was that? Now I'm gonna be all whipped for my first day at work. God. [To taxi driver] One second. Oh... I'm probably never gonna see you again. Okay, sorry, sorry. Listen, thank you so much for putting that all together. That was the perfect last Christmas party. All right, wish me luck. I'll call you when I get in. All right. Love you.[Jim gets in taxi and it drives away] [At Meredtith] Boo! Everyone thought the food was gross, and that belsnickel was some darkly erotic freak. Jim couldn't even stay till the end of the party. I don't care. Guess how much I care on a scale of one to ten. But you can leave your arm.[Pete puts his arm back around Erin as she slides closer to him][Back at the party, Angela sits on Kevin's lap, everyone talking and enjoying the party] [Walks back into The Office] Yep, I did say that. What's going on? Where's the belsnickel? [Holds his finger to Jim's lips] Shh. Let's not speak of that. The Pig Rib! We could totally break the pig rib! I'm gonna dig it out of the trash! [High fives Jim] Good morning, Meredith. Oh, sorry, Pam. Yikes. [talking on phone] You sound tired. Everything ok? Uh, you know what, I gotta hop off because my, uh, taxi is here to take me to the meeting. Thanks! Me neither. Come here. [she hugs Darryl, and Darryl smiles behind her back] Jeez H. in the morning. Will you stop your nagging already? No wonder Jim left you. Yes. What? Lice? Oh my god. Lock the doors, we are on full quarantine. Should be. I use lice shampoo every morning. [Dwight starts spraying everyone with disinfectant] [getting her head checked] Geez Meredith, you know, this is an office not one of your bean bag orgies. [checking Pam's head] Yikers, lice. Yeah [kisses Darryl on the cheek] Alright, I'll stay! There's a pencil broken in my rolls. You gotta be kidding me. [shaving her own head] Yes, Pam what do you want? Baking a cake, what does it look like I'm doing? Getting rid of the lice. Oh, can you hold that thought? That's my wax. You know, I think these critters migrated from down south. What were you saying? Nothing. Excuse me? Ok, nobody panic. If everybody just follows my instructions, then nobody else needs to end up bald. Not that it looks bad, Meredith. It looks...It looks awesome. You look like a baby who suddenly aged 50 years. A cute baby, but something sucked the life force out of it. I'm so sorry. We need mayonnaise! We need it now. You're a saint, Pam. Thanks Pam! I'll take a pack of Nicorette gum and a pack of Kools. Right! [Jim laughs as he answers the phone] Hey, what's up? Everything ok? It's still happening right now actually, so uh... Yes, it is very stressful. You sure everything's okay? Uh, yeah. We promised each other if we ever got lice, we'd buddy up. Sorry, man. [putting mayo on Stanley's head] You're getting a bargain. I ain't got no hair no more. I'm sorry, Pam. It looks a little messy. Yeah, Kevin asked me out. I was kinda feeling good about reentering the dating pool, but then Kevin asked me out. Thought I might trade up to a new level of man. Then Kevin asked me out. [on speaker phone] Hi, honey, it's mom. Look, Cece's school just called. She still has lice. Shave her head. Shave her head! [talking through the loud speaker] She's right Pam. Yeah there's a volume knob on that thing. Well, a lot of good your sorrys are doing her now, Pam. She's a monster. [Jim's phone goes to voicemail] This is Jim Halpert, leave a message. Hey, what you doing right now? Let her stay another hour. Let's go get a beer. No duh. Let's go. You're buying. Forget about it. Right. I got the bartender's phone number when you were in the john. I'm gonna take that freak to bone town before the night is over. Get it, girl! [starts singing] I come... Heading to Philly. Interview with Jim's company. Why don't you come along and tell him yourself? Mhm. Cover that. What does that mean, exactly? What are we talking here? Details. What? Everything? What, how do I make sure it's in order? I [laughs] haven't been trained for this. I don't really have time to think about Pete right now. I just have a lot going on with this whole shipment of pens. And I have a lot of people trusting me, and I would feel super guilty if I broke anyone's trust. About the pens. I was born ready! No, I suck at interviews. I had Andy's job in the bag until my interview. Yeah, I guess... Thanks Dennis, I appreciate it. [To Pam] Hey! How are you? What are you doing here? Yes! Genius. Stupid, stupid genius! [to Pam] Are you cool to just hang out? By the way, Jim talks about you all the time. It's too bad he still hast to work part time in Scranton though... Yeah, yeah me too. I think it'd be like... You know what? [grabs basketball] I think it'd be like a Kevin Durant jump sh*t... Perfecto! [sh**t basketball at hoop on wall, basketball misses and lands in fish t*nk, k*lling the fish] Oh my god... So I'm like a three year old girl in this scenario... And I'd only get to see Jada on the weekends. You know, I'm... I'm not so sure I'd like living in Philadelphia. Who needs it? What? [Jim shrugs] How about yesterday? Oh, thank you. Yes, I love Philly! Two-One-Five or die! k*ll their fish, and they still hire me. That's how you do that, baby. It's all good, I'm ready. Y'all ready for this? [sings intro to "Everybody dance now", points to Pam to sing first line] Each one is very different, like a snowflake. You left me in charge of the pens, Pam. That's what happened. The pens happened. Gotta clear out these file cabinets people, a lot of these are dead accounts. "Scranton Mimeograph Corp?" I don't think we're doing business with them any time soon. That's odd.  A letter from Robert Dunder. "A valuable artifact has come into my possession. I have hidden it until such time as a person of strong intellect may safely recover it. This golden chalice is of immeasurable historical and religious significance." The Holy Grail. ...and finds the... fake grail? No grail? The warehouse. Hi. How are ya? Good to see you. Ooh, I haven't heard it. So, what about the Irish-American Cultural Center mural? Potato? I have no information. But I'm sure as soon as they know, they'll call you. Senator Lipton helped me submit my design for a new mural on a building downtown. Now I'm just waiting to hear from the selection committee. But, you know, let's be realistic. There are a ton of great artists in Scranton with way more experience. I mean, who are they gonna go with -- some nobody like me or a big name like Tracy Fleeb? Aw. Yeah. Hey. I was just about to call you. I am still in Philly, actually. It's insane. This huge investor got cold feet, so I'm stuck here trying to keep him on board. You're gonna do great. And you know what? Mommy's gonna record it. So we'll watch it together. Do you mind doing that, Pam? Okay. Are you sure you know how to do video on the phone? Okay, okay, you know, just sometimes you're not the best with the phone. Really? One, two, three. Shh! Yes, very rude. Oh, actually... uh, nope. That is my wife. Again, he'll be calling in any second. It's a youtube thing! Let's go. Let's go. Come on, they're coming. I'll watch it. Let's get this over with. Let's get this over with, Pam. Oh. Wait. What? [recorded on phone] Excuse me, I have to get back to work. Oscar, don't rub it in. I'm sure Pam is already kicking herself for choosing a phone call over her child. Well, it was an important phone call. Good night. Night, Creed.[cell phone rings] Hey. We lost Bridgeport Capital. I have no idea what happened. It's like everything I did, he just wouldn't go for it. I have no idea where we're gonna come up with this money, and we have to work insanely hard over the next few weeks. Can you figure out how to upload Cece's dance recital? I definitely could use a pick-me-up. You're not serious, are you? You didn't get any of the recital? Come on, Pam. Pam, I asked you if you could use the phone, and you swore that you knew how. Oh, great. So we'll see somebody else's kid with Cece in the background? I mean, it's really not that hard to film a video. Look, Pam, I don't know what to tell you. I mean, what do I do? It's gone. That moment's just gone. I missed it. You're not serious, right? I mean, how is that fair? I'm in Philly. These are my days in Philly. You've agreed to this. I don't know how else to tell you, okay? I'm doing everything I can every week to bring home something... I'm doing this just for me? Is that what I'm doing? I'm doing it just for me. If that's what you think, then this is a really sad night. But you know what? I got to go. Okay? We'll talk tomorrow? Okay. I'll talk to you tomorrow. Hey, you okay? Give her a minute. Give her a minute. Hey, it's just a tough situation, all right? Yeah. Let's turn the cameras off. Seriously, guys. Enough. Enough.  Yeah, hold on a sec. [in background] Dunder Mifflin, this is Erin. Sure, anytime. Uh, how about you and Jim? Everything squared away? Pam, phone call. Will do. Rolf is my best friend, and he is the man. Cool, calm, and collected 24/7. Just try and rattle Rolf. I dare you. Such a sweet guy. I'm talking to him this afternoon, but don't get your hopes up. I'm sure he's just nervous. Just – I don't wanna make assumptions based on people's physical appearances. Yeah, but Jim, Dwight's a weirdo. We can't blame a weirdo for bringing in weirdos. We can blame a normal for creating a situation where a weirdo was allowed to bring in weirdos. Why you make trees into bushes? You don't make paper from bushes. Thank you. What's up good lookin'? Trust me, this is the least of all evils. It took me all day to pull this off, so you should be thrilled, considering. Okay. I'm really sorry I told the guys I'd be there for the board meeting. I'll call you when I get there. All right. Hey, Pam, I'm going to the kitchen. You want anything? [scoffs] Who, me? Absolutely, I do. [giggles] Okay, yeah, I know what to do. Okay. Oh, that's great. Welcome to the club, pig! [laughs] [exiting Darryl's office] Ha, ha, ha! Darryl, you are too much! [to Phyllis] That guy's hilarious. He's here today. [giant teddy bear is viewed in Darryl's office] I love Jim. I love that he hooked me up with a job. It's just, he uses old t-shirts as wash rags. He doesn't wash his dishes. Apparently, they need to [quote-unquote fingers] soak... He hooked me up with a job. [ascends on lift, using megaphone] Attention, everyone. Can I have your attention, please? Yeah, I don't know everybody's name down here, but whoever did this will you please raise your hand. [no one replies] Hello? This is not over. OK? I will stay up here all day if I have to. Is that what you want? [descends on lift] Yeah, I will also come down if I want to. It's my choice. Yeah! You don't have the clearance to call a conference room meeting. You're telling me, David Wallace asked you to call a super secret, classified conference room meeting? Let's go everyone. Super secret, classified conference room meeting, now! I thought that's what you were doing. Oh. They used worse paint than your paint? I thought you wanted paint on the whole thing. Pam, what can be done? I was politely saying nothing can be done. I thought I was clear. David Wallace called this meeting? Sure did. I was as surprised as you, but apparently, he is very passionate about public art. Pam, I'll help you. If there's anything I hate worse than art, it's crime. I am in too, Pam. Yes, of course. I believe in you. I believe in your art. And I am bored. Great. Well, this is getting us nowhere. We just need a pretense to talk to him. We could tell him that his mother is dying. That usually works on him. [holds up phone] Nate. Your mother is dying. [Nate reacts with grief] Gum's gotten mintier lately. Have you noticed? Like, some of it's just too minty. It's like they're literally trying to hurt... [points at Warehouse Worker Frank] He did it. So, Frank. Do you have any thoughts about what was done? By you? I'm sorry I didn't like your crappy doodles. I drew a butt. Big deal. Butts are funny. Well, maybe if you got the stick out of yours. You know what? You people can't f*re me. So, screw you. [exits] There were two or three 'sorry's in there. [mumbles along with Nellie] Oh, your little feelings party didn't work out? Huh? Who won the hugging contest? Oh, let me guess. Everyone tied for first. Wait. Are you saying... He messed with something that was important to you. We need to mess with something that's important to him. A little eye for an eye action. Go all Hammurabi on this clown. I know just the man for the job. [looks at Clark] OK, boss. [quietly] Pam, you know this is ridiculous, right? Like you're smarter than this. This is never gonna work. Go move some paper! He's not my hire, but I know who he is. What? Is he retiring? You getting him a gift or something? I know he loves his pick up truck. Great. Get the plate number. Hey. While I got you on the phone, your husband's like a sloppy, homeless hobo. Can you fix that? Smile. [Angela attempts to get in front of Oscar as pictures are taken] Yeah. Frank draws a butt on your mural, I'm drawing your mural on Frank's truck's butt. Eye for an eye, mamacita. Let's see yours. This is amazing! Frank! And he's leaving a trail of poops? I saw that. That's great! Good. I'm glad you feel better. This has been a wonderful day. I have to say, I like hanging out with a vengeful b*tch. Ugh! Don't sympathize. You're ruining the mood. Back to work. Draw his penis. [exiting building and approaching Pam] Lady! My truck? You had no right! It's a $40,000 truck! Hey, hey, hey! [knocks Frank down with boom microphone] You are like a terrible person. These guys care about you and you're just using them. Again, the food was very good. [Oscar and Angela exit looking pleased] No. No, it's... It's all good. I knew what I was doing. It's... I'm sorry about your mural, though. I mean, because you put so much into that. No. You, you worked hard on that. That guy's an animal. I'm glad they're f*ring him too. Look. I don't, I don't wanna put myself where I don't belong. If you ever need me, you just call me. And I'll be there for you.  It's like magic. Or, it's like me getting on my hands and knees and begging my partners to switch a Tuesday for a Thursday. By the way, they do need an extra day next week. [interrupting] Stop talking 'bout it. I said I'm fine with it. They are terrible. Oh my god. That's so romantic. Oh my god. That's less romantic. Yeah, yeah. No, totally. That's good. So, should we just get a bottle of wine later and celebrate? Hey. Oh, uh, no problem. I finished all the bread. What? It's, uh, great to see you guys. Thanks for coming. It's fine. What are you gonna do, you know? But, if you guys know of any work, I'm fully available. That's... OK, great. Does he pay well? Uh, yeah. Um, you know, Alyssa's, she's not gonna make it today. Yeah. That's the thing. When we were fighting, it weirdly felt like the relationship was still alive. And, it wasn't until we stopped fighting that, we realized that it was over. You know, it's over. [overcome by emotion] I'm sorry, this is... oh my god, OK. [to Pam] We have to stop seeing each other like this. We have to find a different way to communicate other than breaking down in front of each other. [appears approaching group, shaved and in a suit] What's going on in here, dirty players? Let's get back to busting some paper rhymes. Come on. [singing] Who's that girl? Who's that girl? It's Andy! [resumes talking] All right. Back to work. I don't know. I thought that was a little weird. You told me Brian got fired for the whole warehouse thing. And you intentionally left out a kind of major, intimate detail. I don't know, Pam, I guess I just feel like a chump. Who knows less about his marriage than the sound guy. Yeah, well. Yeah, OK. Well, then thank you. Thanks to both of you. No, you're right. And, and I'm not mad at Brian. And to be honest, I probably don't have any reason to be mad at all because I wasn't there. So, let's just forget about it. You know what? Maybe we should cancel that bottle of wine tonight. Yeah. I just feel like I got a bunch of stuff to do in Philly and I'm sure you have stuff to do. So we can just... I don't know, drop me at the bus station? I just feel like we're gonna fight. So... how 'bout let's not? Oh, um. [pulls item from bag and hands to Pam] Happy Valentine's Day. Sorry, I didn't have time to wrap it. Yeah, yeah. No problem. You really wanna fight on Valentine's Day? I'm the same way with horny people. Yes. Pete and I have started seeing each other and Andy still doesn't know. We thought that keeping it secret was more considerate to him. And hot for us. I mean I saw Pete's butt. It's sick. [taking paper from Kevin] Oh that's mine! Um, I'll just, I'll get it out of the way for you. Where are you going? It just occurred to me that Andy has been calling me Plop for so long, he forgot my real name. Which is Pete. Hey! There she is. [Pam laughs] How you doin? You look great. Yeah. Gotta go, VIP just walked through the door. It's a phone? Of course, anything for Team Halpert. You're gonna crush it, Pam. You are gonna crush it. Wow, I missed you. [touches headset] Call you right back. What were you saying? I've gotta go, but you know what? Team Halpert, ok? You're gonna crush it, you're gonna smash it.[Pam laughs] OK, good luck! ...[singing] talking Chester avenue, talking triplex, talking converting...Is that her? Hey guys! Say something. Hi, I'm Mark. I'm the horrible boss around here, but please don't hire Jamie Foxx to k*ll me. D'Jango! I don't agree with the use of the "N" word in that movie. It's, it's too soon. Oh, hi. They call me Marky Mark around here, because here at Simon Realty, we are one funky bunch! Come on you guys, raise the roof when I say that! I- what are you all temps again today? Let's go, Gangnam style. [laughs] He's heard Gangnam style, he knows it. Right? That's cause he's American. This is Carl. Uh, he's from here. Our neck of the woods. But Gangnam style is great, isn't it? Step this way for The Spanish Inquisition! [laughs] Kids in the Hall. Just, it's not high pressure. Just a little Coffee Talk. Ok? Like butta. Come on in here. Mike Myers. This is a tiny resume. Papa Smurf! Come back to the mushroom. [Pam laughs] From The Smurfs movie. What does this say here? To ti te per tat... what language is this? Swahili? Oh wait a second, now I can read it. You're a good audience. [Pam laughs] Unlike some of these people around here. Yeah, we don't have a lot of call for doodling around here. But I like this resume and here's why. It shows that you stick around. Yeah. You don't jump ship easily. Like a lot of these people. I mean they worship me you know? But do they like me? I mean...you think they like me, Pam? [gets guitar] What if Bob Dylan was your boss? I'm gonna do Dylan! [playing guitar and imitating Bob Dylan] Pam Halpert is my name, and I've been at Dunder Mifflin for seven years? Eight years? Eight years, man. Got the Dunder Mifflin blues. Got the Pam Halpert blues. Got the pra- went to the Pratt Institute...You have children? Nothing to see here! Boss at work. This will be your desk. Right up front. Best seat on the roller coaster, you must be this tall to ride this ride. No pregnant women allowed. Are you? Uh, yeah I don't- not allowed to ask. So... You're not. I didn't ask her if she was pregnant. She just offered it. The last three girls here all got pregnant. Don't be afraid, it's a different chair. I don't want a guy up here. I want to you know, see a woman come in and do a great job. Something that, I have to look out this window, I want someone- It is. Yeah, you would uh manage this office. Answer the phones and forward the calls and uh you know, go for a coffee run now and again. Yeah, like a receptionist, but we call you the office manager because uh, it's less demeaning. By the way, how long are these uh, cameras gonna be following you around? Because I think this is pretty cool. Pretty pretty cool. Larry David, Curb Your Enthusiasm. Do you like that show? Well, I think they indulge themselves a little too much. I like scripted. He's doing it. Hey, how'd the interview go? I can't wait to hear about it later. Do you want to come in at eight? And uh, don't eat because I'm ordering in. I'll make it worth your while, I promise. Alright, love you. That's what Mose said about his lady scarecrow and look what he did to that poor thing. Hey! Back here. Si, senor. Oh man. I'm so sorry. Are you alright? Are you kidding? We're in Philly. We're having dinner together. And this is just consolation champagne. It's from the part of France that immediately gave up to the n*zi. Here. Alright, yes. That is a legitimate question. Does making Erin and Pete feel bad make me feel better? [Erin & Gabe and Alice & Pete argue in background] Yeah. Yeah, it does. Tell me about the cologne. How much? You're definitely hoarding this by the way. Austin Powers. Ferris Bueller. Not Night at the Roxbury. I'm sorry, how did you think I was expected to guess that? It's fascinating. That's amazing. Well, listen. You can't win 'em all, right? So, next interview has to be better. What do you mean? Of course it will. You're amazing. [long pause] Huh. This is a little out of left field. I am dressed according to the Schrute codes of mourning. My aunt Shirley has d*ed. [to Pam] Who's this guy? Actually, they have a specific way I need to do this. And, I have to go through examples of stuff. OK. Uh, where to begin. [to Pam] Hey. Pam-pam and her pam-pams. Wow. I have said some crude things about those. But, they are beautiful. And, I guess that's why I acted out. Pam, I'm sorry I objectified you. And, personified your breasts. Sorry, guys. [to Phyllis] Oh boy. I have not been nice to you. Philly, I'm sorry for the things I said about your size. To your face, behind your back, and in the form of drawings. Actually, that goes to all you double XLs. Stanley, Kevin, [points to Clark] this kid in a few years. Why can't I just be nice? Truth is, I really like you guys. I really do. OK. The apology's just half of it. The big thing is making amends. And, that's why I brought these. I went out to the Steamtown Mall and I got you all cupcakes. From that place 'Nipples'. Huh. The mind sees what it wants to, huh? [hands cupcake to Erin] There you go. [after Dwight opens coffin and begins f*ring into it] That's it for me. [exits] I agree. Even though that place has a way of making those cupcakes so they're dense. But, they're also really fluffy. I did. I did, yes. And it was purely political. He did nothing wrong. They do. It's awful. And, it's getting worse every day. You don't know that. James Bond was a spy. I am going through a twelve-step program. I'm currently on step zero. Which is have a [expletive] of fun. I spent six hours carefully removing the frosting and then layering in a variety of dr*gs, some legal, some not. Some laxative, some constipating. You don't f*re the Pac-Man and expect to get away with it. What, Pam? He's gone. It's just a cupcake now. I never met him. [looking disheveled] Hey. I don't care what you do, Pam. Just please stop making noise. Packer laced the cupcakes. Some of us got both. [raises hand] Nope. I did not see you either. [as Pam attempts to throw cupcake away] Ah. [stops Pam and takes cupcake] Uh oh. She's doing it again. It's p*rn. Somebody just needs to get her attention, tell her it's not OK to do this in public. Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait a minute. Why is Phyllis so aroused? Dwight is dating a brussel sprout farmer named Esther. She's coming here this afternoon with her father. Who knows? Maybe she'll be pulling the horse cart! [laughs] Oh man. [laughs] Oh boy, please don't. Let's not let that happen. What was I gonna- What was I gonna say? Not that Ryan Howard. Um, the Phillies' first baseman. Yeah, yeah. Exactly. Yeah. So, uh, I'll uh, talk to you later? Ok great. Bye. [Pam smiles as she watches the promo with her and Jim on the roof] Oh my god, is that you and Jim? Jeez, you fell in love with that hair? Really? [laughs] Yikes. That is awful. I guess men find Esther attractive. I mean if there are chubby chasers, then there are men that like that....thing. Hey guys, I just found another promo. It's in Danish. I guess it's gonna start airing in Denmark. Ok, Pam. Why don't you visit your buddy, the crew guy that got fired? Find out what they got. Yeah. Oh, hey! Hi. [laughs] No, no, please, yeah, come on in. It's good to see you. Sorry, my place is usually not this- Yeah, no, I- actually it's always like this. [laughs] Do you want to go outside? It's a little less cluttered out there. Let me grab a couple drinks. Alright, that's for you. [hands her beer] Cheers. So... What brings you by? Oh yeah, that's right. Yeah, it is. Oh yeah, that was, that was a good moment. Yeah, it was cool. Um... No no, it's- No, you're not crazy. Yeah. They want to know how much what? Pretty much everything. They've got parabolic mikes, they can pick you up a hundred yards away, so...no if you were around there, they got you. That's not really true, I mean- Oh no, hang on a second. Pam, I'm sorry, I- I- I can explain this so much better. [Speaks Danish] Your morning 3-by-5. Coming right up. Oh, your mom's watching the kids tonight. So what are you two up to? [chuckles] Oh, um, Embassy Suites. "Do Not Disturb" sign on the door. Mommy and Daddy are on the floor. [chuckles] What, then? Marriage counseling? Did you know that is the only kind of counseling I have never had? Mmm. He might start by asking each of you, "Why do you think you're here?" If I didn't do certain things without telling Pam, she'd be married to Roy. [chuckles] New plan, okay? We get him a cup of coffee and we go back to the old plan. Let's go! Gimme a hand. Here we go. Come on, Stanley! Here we go. Upsie-doozie. There we go. Okay, all right. Come on, big guy. You can walk, right? Yeah. What a pretty smile. Let's go. Ow! Ow! [crying] I'm sorry! Hey. I just wanted to say that you woke up early with the kids and let me sleep and I really appreciate that. Thank you. I appreciate that you appreciate that. No shame in that. Get it all out in the open. Yes, we are supposed to look for every chance to acknowledge and appreciate each other's sacrifices. Because I need to appreciate what Pam's been doing to run the house while I'm in Philly. Mmhm. Heads up everyone. If you really need something from me today, let's get it done tomorrow. Carla Fern got me a gig. An Earl Grey tea for the lady. Thank you. I like being appreciated. But, to speak my truth, it wasn't out of the way because I felt like a tea anyway. So, one trip. Sorry. Sorry. I'm going to go upstairs and just... Well, you know how much I appreciate the opportunity to hang out with your mom more. So let me just put this in my calendar. Thank you. Your mom is a treasure. Hey that's work, hold on. Hey Wade, did Cole Hamels call back or what? Great. Good. Ok to speak my truth, that was a little sarcastic. I think that's a little unfair. Are you guys high? Because if so, to speak my truth, I would appreciate the sacrifice of including me in some hits off your kind buds. We're not high. I know this was really weird, and it was really hard. But I think we're making progress. So I'm really sorry that I have to go but let's keep at this. Ok? Ok. [intense moment where Jim leaves and Pam seems conflicted. She notices his umbrella and runs out to follow him] Thanks. Bye. Faith, hope and love. But the greatest of these is love. [Pam kisses Jim] I'm taking some time off from work—well, my other work—because we needed it. It's great. But that doesn't matter. This does. It's the only thing that matters. We've had some really nice days together. Right. Well, I'm here to sell paper. All right, Jim, look, I just got made junior salesman. Right? And—and Wallace is here today. And I don't him to just think of me as a customer service rep that sits in the annex. I mean, you can get that, right? Right? And what do you need more face time with Wallace for? You trying to get a second second job here? What? I wasn't fired. What are you talking about? I'm fired up, yes. Guys, I'm—I'm leaving to pursue my lifelong dream of being famous. Hey, are you still in charge of office supplies? I seem to have sticky not emergency where I grab it on the wrong end, and this happens. If you could help me out, that would be— Anything would help. Oh, also, while you're at it, if you did have a salt packet, three tacks and some aspirin, that would be great. Oh, wow. You have that. Wow, that's— I know, Dwight. I know. [reaches out to shake Dwight's hand, Dwight hugs him] Okay. Okay. All righty. You're gonna do great. Wow, hey. What's up? Okay. Really? Yeah, totally you did. I need you to stay right here while you think about it. All right? I'm gonna wait. I'm sure you did not. What was your question? Well, then, I should figure out things to do while I'm waiting. Look who's back. Actually, maybe we should go on a double date some time. That'd be fun. Well, how about Thursday? Weeknights are actually tough just because— [from atop his desk] Creed Bratton is the new manager! [nobody responds] Dwight's the new manager. He freaking did it. You're an annex kid. You might be bullpen, we'll see. Give it a couple of years. Scram. Pre-conference room meeting with Dwight went really well. All depends on the conference room meeting itself. [phone chimes] Uh, okay. Yeah. The guys at Athlead are still bugging me about this three month roadshow thing. Meeting athletes on their home turf, building relationships. Yeah, it sounds exciting. But I said no, and that's final. I almost lost Pam over this business. I'm not risking that again. Let's not get crazy and ruin our no-nonsense streak, all right? So, for instance, if you're expecting a fax today, please don't yell out, "Michael J. Fax from Fax to the Future." Ok? That's nonsense. Yes, beautiful girl in the front. Big time. Nothing. Aw, heck ya! Okay, Pam. What song is running through my head right now? Yep. Take care. Hey. No, no, I'm not here actually. These donuts are part of my escape from the guys at the warehouse I didn't say goodbye to. We livin' like rock stars. I'm about to eat free steaks with my sports heroes in 32 different cities. Jim really doesn't want to come? Wow. Man. I hope he doesn't regret it. Jim is happy here, selling paper at Dunder Mifflin? Hey. You all right? What's going on? Yes, I'm happy. Yeah. What? Pam. This was my decision, not yours. You didn't force me. You did not force me to do this. I don't know how else to tell you. Resent you? Hey, you want me to take the little diaper blaster? Pam can attest, there's no one better at getting brats to shut their yaps. Yes. Jim. I'm not kidding. I need you. You watched it. Well, then I guess you're ready for this. [gives her the Christmas card] It's from the teapot. Everything you'll ever need to know is in that note. [Pam reads the card] Not enough for me? You are everything. It's a colloquial way of saying "you're fired," Kevin, which you are. I'm...good. And Dwight is imitating Japanese business practices for reasons he explained to us in Japanese. [whispering] Yes. My heart is so open, I am so at peace. [scoffs] Look at Meredith. She's disgusting. Those feet. They're like the paws of an orangutan. And Jim will say nothing. Hey, Pam! How are you? Mm-hmm. Whoo, whoo, whoo. What? [knock at the door] Okay. Mom? No, no, no, no. Just do your wok. Pretend mom's not here. Okay... Am I the only one that's nervous? How are you doing with this? Should we have bailed? Uh, Jim, that DVD in the last episode was so romantic. And, um, I think we'd all love to know, Pam, what romantic thing did you do to pay Jim back for leaving Athlead? All I can say is, if I had Jim, he would have a free pass to do anything. I mean if I lucked into that... he could do anything. Anything. Pam, what was in that teapot letter? Um, you know what, I actually didn't handle that move, uh, very gracefully. From not communicating to being a little selfish. Like Harry Potter. Thanks. [knees buckle] Oh. Ouch. You gave your baby an allergic reaction just to talk to me? [they kiss] Michael has so many pictures of his kids he had to get two phones with two numbers and he pays two bills. [with Michael] Oh, my gosh, it's choreographed! [dancing with Pam] [sobbing] There he is! What's going on? No, really, what's going on? Sorry, how long have you been showing the house? That's why it's so clean. I mean, you were gonna do this without me? Oh... okay. Where would we go? I promise you, you don't have to do this for me. [to the buyer] Hold on a second. [to Pam] The last few months have meant the world to me and all I care about... You wanna do this? You really want to do this? What? All right! Thank you David. Uh, could I please have your attention? So a year ago, I got my first art commission to paint a mural for Dunder Mifflin and I decided to paint the history of paper...,which was just some trees and stuff. And then someone spray painted a bunch of butts on it and I had to start from the beginning. But it all worked out for the best because I think that I've painted the perfect thing which is the history of us. All of us. And this is for you Jim. [applause] And go ahead! [drape drops and everyone cheers] Yes! [answering the phone] Dunder Mifflin, This is Pam. Oh, I'm sorry. Jim Halpert doesn't work here anymore. Hey! [on the computer] You're probably sitting there wondering what will be your mark. What will you be known for? It might surprise you to learn... Athleap. Don't be an idiot. It's for the severance. The best I can do one month for every year you've been here. That's the max. I sold paper at this company for 12 years. My job was to speak to clients on the phone about quantities and types of copier paper. Even if I didn't love every minute of it, everything I have, I owe to this job. This stupid...wonderful...boring...amazing job. It's a colloquial way of saying "you're fired," Kevin, which you are. I'm...good. And Dwight is imitating Japanese business practices for reasons he explained to us in Japanese. [whispering] Yes. My heart is so open, I am so at peace. [scoffs] Look at Meredith. She's disgusting. Those feet. They're like the paws of an orangutan. And Jim will say nothing. Hey, Pam! How are you? Mm-hmm. Whoo, whoo, whoo. What? [knock at the door] Okay. Mom? No, no, no, no. Just do your wok. Pretend mom's not here. Okay... Am I the only one that's nervous? How are you doing with this? Should we have bailed? Uh, Jim, that DVD in the last episode was so romantic. And, um, I think we'd all love to know, Pam, what romantic thing did you do to pay Jim back for leaving Athlead? All I can say is, if I had Jim, he would have a free pass to do anything. I mean if I lucked into that... he could do anything. Anything. Pam, what was in that teapot letter? Um, you know what, I actually didn't handle that move, uh, very gracefully. From not communicating to being a little selfish. Like Harry Potter. Thanks. [knees buckle] Oh. Ouch. You gave your baby an allergic reaction just to talk to me? [they kiss] Michael has so many pictures of his kids he had to get two phones with two numbers and he pays two bills. [with Michael] Oh, my gosh, it's choreographed! [dancing with Pam] [sobbing] There he is! What's going on? No, really, what's going on? Sorry, how long have you been showing the house? That's why it's so clean. I mean, you were gonna do this without me? Oh... okay. Where would we go? I promise you, you don't have to do this for me. [to the buyer] Hold on a second. [to Pam] The last few months have meant the world to me and all I care about... You wanna do this? You really want to do this? What? All right! Thank you David. Uh, could I please have your attention? So a year ago, I got my first art commission to paint a mural for Dunder Mifflin and I decided to paint the history of paper...,which was just some trees and stuff. And then someone spray painted a bunch of butts on it and I had to start from the beginning. But it all worked out for the best because I think that I've painted the perfect thing which is the history of us. All of us. And this is for you Jim. [applause] And go ahead! [drape drops and everyone cheers] Yes! [answering the phone] Dunder Mifflin, This is Pam. Oh, I'm sorry. Jim Halpert doesn't work here anymore. Hey! [on the computer] You're probably sitting there wondering what will be your mark. What will you be known for? It might surprise you to learn... Athleap. Don't be an idiot. It's for the severance. The best I can do one month for every year you've been here. That's the max. I sold paper at this company for 12 years. My job was to speak to clients on the phone about quantities and types of copier paper. Even if I didn't love every minute of it, everything I have, I owe to this job. This stupid...wonderful...boring...amazing job.