Beauty approaches; I am brought under its spell; I long to be with. Then I ran out of syllables. It's not like they have anything else to do, okay? They're old – their bingo cards aren't going anywhere. fifty ancient zombies, traipsing through the pot-hole-ridden streets of Scranton, out for blood. Sounds scary, right? Too bad you'll never see it because the idiot manager at the Evergreen old folks home thinks it sounds [air quotes] exploitative. So, that's where we're at right now. What's going on? Well... we could be in it. You could use us. Ryan, lots of directors use their girlfriends. Ryan, look, you know I can scream. I scream at you all the time and then you could sh**t in this office for free. [screams] I'm so sorry Angela. Is that even a fake Kn*fe? I know you want to make your movie, but you can not scare people in the office. You can not sneak up on people wielding w*apon anymore. It's petrifying and frankly, it's unprofessional. Look, I don't want to have to thr*aten you, but you have to stop this production or I will... Really? I would love to. Um, well, Clint Eastwood already does all that. We're on the second floor. Why are these m*rder happening? [to Toby, who's filming] You fallin' behind. Ryan, we're doing the dance! [Bluetooth rings] You got Creed. All of it! The mall, the stores, the kiosks! Wait. Less matching to appear more rich? I thought they were kind of cute. [looking outside through the window] I left him all the tools he needs. This is do or die. If he chooses correctly he'll conquer the hornets... I feel like I can see someone ice skating to it. You know, like in the Olympics. Okay. You're a young hotshot from Stark Industries. You've just bought this company. Meredith is fired. It's a whole new regime. He's gotta pitch to you now. Don't let us down. [leans hobo sack against the refrigerator] It's a great stick, right? No. So. You're all on the list! Stupid coupon booklet. Have you seen my costume? I'm a rational consumer. Okay. You wanna know? I didn't call her back because she spent the whole date talking about you. She was obviously in love with you. If I have to vote for someone, I don't want it to be someone who can b*at me. And a top of the day to you too, sir. You may have seen the bus out front. Today we also say good-bye to our young adult ministry. They're leaving for three months to build a school for the village of Quimixto, in Cabo Corrientes, Mexico. Okay, "A," Halbert. And, "B," I think a more appropriate statement would be, "The 'Halberts' are hosting an intimate reception for their invited guests." Good morning. Excuse me, everyone, on behalf of the youth ministry that's leaving for Mexico, I just wanted to thank our hosts and tell you about those good-looking guys and gals over there. [group of young adults cheer and applaud] Well, it's, it's- You have a g*n in your desk? No what? The show's back on, what happened? Morning. How's It Going? [wearing Ryan's glasses] I'm Facebook. I sent you a Facebook message yesterday, I still haven't heard anything back. A what? Dot com! I think an investor's ski trip is the best idea. It will be a bonding experience. I was looking at a trail map, and I was thinking that we should start on a bunny hill, because I've never actually been skiing. And then work our way up to death drop. Your kidding?! You and me. Don't you work here full-time? Mm-Hmm. That does sound fun to me. Wuphf! All right, I've warmed them up for you. You have the floor, Ryan. Whoo! Yes, I have a dream. And It's not some M.L.K. Dream for Equality. I want to own a decommissioned Lighthouse. And I want to live at the top. And nobody knows I live there. And there's a button that I can press, and it'll launch that lighthouse into space. Really?! Who?! At least. Did you ever think of WUPHF as an emergency notification system, like, for college campuses with sh**t or gas leaks? That's right! What's your money situation? Sure, how long can you sustain this without a cash infusion? Oscar said WUPHF only has enough money for nine days. Anyone can just throw numbes up on a chart. What are you doing to make it happen? You have his email? Ryan, just tell us your plan. Dwight? Here we go. "It's Ryan the WUPHF guy!" "He's up there." Look, this is a marketing campgain. You got nine days. Let's say you do get the money. What are you going to do with it? I said to Ryan, "I try to call you, and you don't have your phone. I try to I.M. You, and you're not online. I wish there was a way that I could do everything all at once, and I could just be like this little dog going, 'Ruff! Ruff! Ruff! Ruff! Ruff!'" I think I'm gonna stay here. I do, I do. This isn't right. But I--it's not right. Is it any particular branch of Washington University? They only want it for the initials. Get us out of this! I won't sell. And you know what? Ryan and I have the majority of shares. Isn't that right? "The moment Darla put the cupcake in her mouth, her daddy pulled her aside and said, "You're Too Fat. No one's gonna like you if you're too fat." The next time I saw David Geffen was at the buffalo club. "I love you, you Gay Bastard," I said. "You Gay Bastard," I s--. "Gay Ba--" "Gay B--"" Good, good, bro. Always have your back. So, any ideas on how we can get over this nine-day hump here? Nine days, though. That's, like... Yes, you have tapped this. Hard. Maybe I could take a second mortgage on my condo. So you would think that's a good idea for me to do? Mm-Hmm. Yeah, well, we never even have dinner now, so... Tonight? Oh right. What am I saying? Rain Check. If you tell Michael to sell, he'll sell. Hello. Only if he fails. And you know what? Ryan, I believe in you. Just like I believe in all of you. You have nine days to save everybody's money. You can't have it. Okay, someone look it up. I'm sitting right here. Yeah, but it was a really smart thing to be right about, actually. That's a sad story. I have another one. We move, the other tenants follow, the bank takes the building, takes your farm, takes your car and beats the crap out of you. Penniless, you die, and my daughter Cece dances on your grave... fully clothed. [lights turn off, Pam and Dwight begin to wave their arms to alert the sensor] Pass. Two for two, keep it up. No. Guys, it's a really big deal. [rubs his neck] He's rubbing his neck. So, cool right? Okay. Okay, well, I just sorta meant, like, cute, right? I mean, help, if it's something simple, like add page numbers or laminate it or... No. [Oscar unwraps a pair of Uggs] For your feet! No. You tell me why my kid is 17 and still can't read. I'll make it. What are you drinking. I don't know how to make that. This is a new food for me, how else should I eat it? I said no hits! Hey, Ryan. How's your fart project coming? Meredith, what are you doing? I could be pregnant! My resolution was to get more attention. Cake. Hi, Ryan, you went to business school, right? I need somebody to talk to this seminar about business. Can you do it? So no? What do I put you down for, bro hombre? All right! Okay, than you so much. It's going to be so awesome. Divorced? We were having a beautiful weekend in the Poconos. We were making love, constantly. We saw the sunrise. Ryan was crying a lot. And you didn't invite any of us? God baby, you know, people's reactions to this... maybe we made a mistake. You know what Ryan, I talked to the other gay guys, and we're ok with it. We agree it's fine if you got married. Ryan, I changed my mind. First things first. An office romance is permissible. Not something you'd expect to hear from corporate. Well, guess what. Sabre is 100% tolerant of office romances. Well, we were just looking for Ryan, so he's not here. Oh, yeah, we were. We were just looking to say hi. So hey. No, we weren't. Definitely not. That's disgusting. My perfect Valentine's Day? I'm at home, three cell phones in front of me, fielding desperate calls from people who want to buy one of the 50 restaurant reservations I made over six months ago. Well, Michael Scarn was quickly becoming one of the hottest hockey players in the country. It's like one of the best movies I've ever seen in my life. Okay, look. We can't f*re someone because we don't like him. What are you referencing? [looks at her knowingly] Pretty sneaky sis. [knocking on conference room door] This is textbook. It's so uncool. Ryan does this to me all the time. Like it's some offense to have feelings. Don't do it Kevin. You know what? I'm gonna get a hose. Then we'll talk about it. Ok we'll figure it out. Be right back. Just stay there. Free sample? You got this kosher certified? Ryan, you have such an interesting mind. So creative. All these new business ideas and artistic projects. [laughs] What... Ryan, where did you get this picture? [a picture of Oscar on Ryans bottles of salsa] Ok I think animals and proposals are out. Right Ryan didn't you read in one of your blogs that animals are out? And that is Dallas. [shows money] Not bad right. [swinging golf club] That would be hot. I would pay to see that. I... don't know. Help me. You know, this office sort of has a perfect Feng Shui to it, so... you know, let's not go overboard with the re-decorating, and I'm still here- Oh, their breadsticks are like cr*ck! Well the breadsticks are like what then, Ryan, what can I use? Shh, shh! Okay, okay. Everybody's right. They're like breadsticks on steroids. Right? Mmmmkay. There needs to be what you call a rat-a-tat. And right now it's all rat and no tat. Ryan come on up here. Tap DeAngelo out. Just watch this. Okay. [Ryan stands next to Michael up front] Ryan how are you today? Year after year, I catch a lot of flak on this particular award, because year after year I present this award to a guy instead of a girl. Hottest in the office goes to, [Ryan stands up] Danny Cordray! [Ryan quickly sits] Danny couldn't be here tonight... You h*t me with your car! [in Ryan's office, which is illuminated blue] She was once my girl, and she is your girl now. Yeah. You're not prone to seizures? Hey Ry. Your department's k*lling it, baby. [puts arm around Ryan] Keep it up. What? Why should I pretend that you are my boss? Yeah, but you lie all the time. You lie for no reason. Ryan, you just like to lie. You really would? Woo. Glad he's not my boss. [on phone] Mom, Ryan's taking us out to dinner tonight. No, no, he's not going to stand us up like he did last time. He won't ever stand us up again. When Deangelo's around. All the time. You chose this job over that job? So one afternoon, while walking home from school, quirky 10th grader Becky Walters finds a wounded Pegasus in the woods. And she becomes...The Horse Flyer. Ohh. Is this true, Ryan? That's not fair, I mean, I've been working here for such a long ti-- [Deangelo walks away] Would you consider this a t*rror1st incident? I just really, really think we should handle this internally. You're thinking of another group. Much wealthier, much older. [whispers, smiles] You sound ignorant. No. Why would we be talking about the Senator? 'Cause he's totally gay? [walks away] The hell you will! I worked for the last boss for 15 years. According to my doctor, I don't have another 15 years if I want to keep up the same dietary and sexual lifestyle, which I intend to. Are you? [leaves] Whoever it is, I think they should be lame. [Stanley shakes his head and rolls his eyes] Kind a a non-threatening, moderate personality. Perfect. There are several outside candidates that we think would be really- A homeless person. Really? A homeless person. No, I want you to say that you think the 'best' person to be our new manager is a homeless person. Let me guess who you want, Pam. Rachael Ray? The ladies of The View? [various] Good luck! Goodbye! Good luck at your new job. "Suck it losers." Oh no no no. Without the battery pack and optional memory booster, it's barely three pounds. Fifty L. Oh. [smiling] Ready! [flips sketch pad showing tattoo possibilities] "I'm not as think as you drunk I am!" [crowd claps and cheers] I think we should get a townhouse in SoHo... I've never been lucky. And I'm not talkin' about the lottery, I'm talkin' 'bout stuff like developing a soy allergy at thirty-five. Who gets a soy allergy at thirty-five? And why is soy in everything? No. Uh, buying lottery tickets online. [Ryan laughs] 30 today, right? Schrute Farms is very easy to find, it's right in the middle of the root vegetable district. If the soil starts to get acidic, you've probably gone too far. How is that better than a barbecue? No, I'm certain you said basil. I think this thing is broken. She just always has to copy anything I do! It's the Ford Taurus situation all over again! I am so cold. Are you sure? I know, I know, I know. But Darryl and Kevin needed a third. They bought me this jersey. I said no. Kevin started crying. So, I am Chris Bosh. Ryan, will you please tell her who I am? Hey guys. I'm an Oscar [gestures to face] liar [gestures to nametag saying "Representative Weiner] weiner. Um, no we're not and you are a psycho who is ruining our lives. Try mose1234. [his phone vibrates] He stopped it! I'm training a temp to be my replacement while I'm on maternity leave. Oh I should've mentioned I'm pregnant. You probably didn't notice because it's impossible to tell I'm so small. But yeah I'm pregnant. [another squeak] Oh come on! Hmm. Doubt it. Uh you tell me [Kevin playing drums with chicken legs] You know it's not just pregnant women who don't get their due. You know who's gorgeous? Helen Mirren. Mm-hmm. Not his mom's car. I'm going into labor! Yeah, well, the bus has free wifi and I made special low-sugar lunches for everyone. And is anyone kosher or halal? Dates, tabbouleh, and a bagel with cream cheese. Well, I was hoping to talk out some ideas with Andy. But what we have here... is perhaps better. By not going on the trip, you've shown you're the free-thinkers of the office. I am so eager to hear your game-changers. Let's dig in, shall we? Absolutely. This idea hasn't gripped me. What else did you come up with? Who else agrees with Kevin, that we're wasting facilities, manpower, on our underselling products when we should be pushing our top-performers? [everyone raises their hand, Robert laughs] There you go. Consensus. [laughing] Kevin! Big Mac idea. That sounds encouraging. Every time you buy a Big Mac you set one ingredient aside. Then at the end of the week you have a free Big Mac. And you love it even more because you made it with your own hands. I don't know. He wasn't talking to me. But if I were you I wouldn't hire his wife. Well it was really nice to meet you Brian. Oh, Ryan. Now why would you come to a bar and ask for a cola when you can get some from the kitchen? Did some small part of you want something a little stronger? Ryan, Kevin, Phyllis, Oscar, come and take these sh*ts! Yes! Oh yes. [laughing] Boom! Yes. They totally do. Well help me, OK? Just, uh take... Yes, Shawn Marion. Excuse me, sir, on the Dunder-Mifflin A-team? Excuse me, sir? I'm sure you're just checking your Grindr account... [laughter] but you can't check smart phones during trivia, it's against the rules. Okay, you're not turning it off. Sir? Okay, then we're going to have to take it away. [employee takes the phone] Thank you. I'm feeling eighty-two, eighty-two and a half. Well, and you have a... yes, a- d- another chateau. Too kind doesn't begin to cover it. To both these bears. Caligula, Last Tango in Paris, and Emmanuelle 2. Last two movies I actually watched in here Marley and Me and On Golden [bleep] Pond. To madness. Are you serious? Yes, that's it. Push yourselves, boys. It's not a party if you don't do something that scares you. I need a breather. Oh. Oh. You two keep going. A little bit, yeah. Right guys? Back me up. No. It's crazy. Good point. But we're gonna be working pretty hard until five PM. After that it's gonna be beach volleyball, trips to Cape Canaveral, and sea kayaking with Gloria Estefan. Guys. Guys. Guys. Come on, seriously? We cannot let this trip cause this kind of rift, guys! Guys.. Darryl, Oscar, Angela, Phyllis and Toby and that is the team that I am taking. What's that? It's not up to me? I only have influence? Well, that's all Baltzer Gladfielder had and no one eats owls for Thanksgiving. Or both? Hot? What are you talking about? This is a nice temperate Florida morning. Eighty-five degrees, seventy-five percent humidity. This is the exact environment you will be facing for the next three weeks of your life. Welcome to special projects orientation. The next three weeks of your life are gonna be the most miserable you've ever faced. They're gonna be hard, they're gonna be dirty. You're gonna wish you were dead. But? There's not buts. That's it. You'll wish you were dead. You seem a little disturbed, you wanna stay here? It did, it did. Oh, I like it. No. We sell business tools and the stores need to reflect that. They need to be all business. Let all the other stores look like a toy store. I don't know how I'm going to live here without you. Yes, I will take your coat. And I will keep it with me, and I will sleep with it because it smells like you. Hey, wake up. Let's have some fun. We're in Florida now. Power. Psst. Say, "So who's leading this thing, anyway?" Psst. Say, "I can't wait to meet him." Him, you say? Don't think a woman can be a leader? I'll be on top. It's the most important position. [tries to climb human pyramid] Ahh! You need an operation. You have appendicitis. Shopping habits are both seasonal and cyclical. What does this mean? Thank you.(Dwight looks on angrily) Oh, okay. Just forget it, then. Forget it. Forget it. A hotel waffle. I know what I want to eat. Is that crazy? I'm moving down here, you know. I'm young, and I can ... and if I can't, I'm still pretty young. I guess I'll always be young. You come with me. We're gonna get you that waffle. Whoa. the lights are still on. I like how guys just know stuff all the time. [gasps] Hello, waffle iron. Okay, so the recipe says we need a mixing bowl... ... a measuring cup... [whispers] It's the fuzz! My husband would tell you to go for it. Hey. Hey. A lot of fun. You should move down here with me. We could be roommates. We could get a dog. We could go to R-rated movies. And who knows, I mean, you're a guy, I'm a girl- Maybe in six months- Today is the test launch day for the inaugural Sabre store. Brr brr brr BRR [imitating trumpet] and I, Dwight Schrute, am in charge of the entire operation. If I can prove myself today and the store is a h*t with the media and Nellie sees this, the vice presidency is mine. Yes. Yes. Yes. Today is press day and press is gonna make or break this store. And for a tech company, press can only mean one thing – bloggers. Dossier on bloggers. Bloggers are gross. Bloggers are obese. Bloggers have halitosis. You're gonna love ‘em. Ryan is going to be the main event today. He is the pitchman who is going to give the feisty yet profound speech worthy of a world's fair. Ryan, you ready to do this? Good! Okay. Flirt away. Yeah. Yeah, I mean, I think ...it seemed like you were a little nervous. Okay. I know, I know, champ. Calm down, just listen. I'm trying to make him feel important. Um... [imitating Kelly] Oh, Ryan, you're so smart. You're smarter than Mark Zuckerberg and those Google guys all combined. Hee hee hee. What's a book? [giggles] [ahem] You can... [slightly effeminate] You can do it Ryan. You're the only one who can do it, s-sweetie. I thought it was great, sweetie. I would just fix that one -- Jim, get him a water. It's moments away. Just stay here! How you doing? Oh. Ryan, why didn't you tell me? You never update it. When that went up there, I had hair like Rapunzel. Oh, in the warehouse we use code names for people we want to talk about. Andy was Jelly Roll. Mike was Dennis the Menace. Ryan was douche bag. Plus everyone would know who you meant. Nobody's named Monday. [Ryan and Kelly make out on Oscar's desk] Get lower. Sorry, just to be clear, you're saying do NOT shake the baby. Don't shake our baby? Okay. I'd never heard that before. So, thank you. Yeah, I'm glad you said something. Me too. Kelly and I broke up and she can do whatever she wants. And her new boyfriend seems awesome, if you're into Indian people. I'm not. Yeah, they're really great together. Yeah. I know it's not... a big deal. Oh, those are from our weekend at the time share. God I don't even remember what that fight was about. You were being really bratty about where we would go out to dinner. But all I remember is how pretty you looked, taking those pictures of me. Anyway, if you want to order prints of your own, I can send you the link. Andy, Erin, you can join us now. All I did was remind her that you used to treat her badly. I don't like you very much. Oh come on, Ryan. Really? Ravi's way better. I've never met Ravi personally, but I'm gonna go ahead and say, just having knowing you a short while, Brian, that I prefer Ravi. And again, I've never even met the guy. Read it, please. I love amazing poetry. Read through the pain. Be strong. Yeah, man, he's absolutely gorgeous! Please leave her alone. [sees Ryan on the horse] Oh, boo! Boo! Boo to you! Boo! Hey, hey. Okay. I wasn't going to interrupt. Barf! Ugh, you suck! Turn around. Turn around. Turn around! She don't wanna turn around. Ryan. You mean so much to me. But, I love Ravi and I choose him. I do. I hope we can still be friends. Can I have a hug?  Okay fine. Ryan, something the matter? Smokey, the bear? Wow That's terrible, I really liked him. Well, I second that emotion. I know a few of his songs, but what were his big ones? No, no, no, "Tracks of My Tears" and what else? What are some more? What's one more? You don't like the Beatles? Eleanor Rigby? Paperback writer? It says here this Smokey Robinson dead thing was a hoax. It's on CNN as of two minutes ago. 250 dollars is nothing to the world's biggest Smokey Robinson fan. Paul Anka. Okay, you could just show up late though. Tears of a clown! Ehh, a little better than alright, actually. Really good! Shortly after Kelly left, Ryan quit and also moved to Ohio, for what he claimed were unrelated reasons. Thanks for helping out, sweetie. Hey, Ryan! Whose baby is this? Oh, are, like, a nanny now? No, this little guy is mine. So I was dating this girl, and one day, she went out to get a new charger for her e-cigarette. Never came back. Oldest story in the book. [baby squeals] Drake is your baby's name? That is an amazing name. I'm obsessed with Drake. His last album... it just touched me to pieces. [dancing with Pam. They kiss] See, now you don't owe me anything. Oh, no. Oh, yeah, you're not feeling well little guy? Okay, sure. Should we go inside? Ravi, just do it. That baby is burning up. Isn't this, like what you live for? Just go. Go. I don't know, Ryan. Baby Drake didn't look so good. Lots of people think that Stanley Hudson's a mean old grump. [laughs] But [crying] would a grump make this? It's me. It's me. [laughing] I love you too. We're running off into the sunset. Thanks for helping out, sweetie. Hey, Ryan! Whose baby is this? Oh, are, like, a nanny now? No, this little guy is mine. So I was dating this girl, and one day, she went out to get a new charger for her e-cigarette. Never came back. Oldest story in the book. [baby squeals] Drake is your baby's name? That is an amazing name. I'm obsessed with Drake. His last album... it just touched me to pieces. [dancing with Pam. They kiss] See, now you don't owe me anything. Oh, no. Oh, yeah, you're not feeling well little guy? Okay, sure. Should we go inside? Ravi, just do it. That baby is burning up. Isn't this, like what you live for? Just go. Go. I don't know, Ryan. Baby Drake didn't look so good. Lots of people think that Stanley Hudson's a mean old grump. [laughs] But [crying] would a grump make this? It's me. It's me. [laughing] I love you too. We're running off into the sunset.