[English accent] Oh, sorry, mate. Excuse me. Mate. English? Oh no no, I'm not picking on you at all. You're English, correct? I'm working on an English character. Would you mind gi... It's called Reginald Pooftah. Michael Scott. [laughing] I do Ping. Herrow. I Ping! No, no, no. And people don't understand that is has nothing to do with making fun of a different nationality. That's good. Pleasure to meet you. Dunder Mifflin. No, not right now. All right. See you around. Hey... David Wallace! Hey, how are you? No, got canned last week. No, best thing that ever happened to me. Yikes! Whoa. Well I gave him a chance. [gets out of car, walks to house] You got a minute? I wanted to see if I could interest you in an investment. Dunder Mifflin. Exactly. And you know better than anyone that with the right management it could be worth twice what you would pay for it today. Hey! Is it true you're buying the company? What? Thought I heard my name. What? I'm the new manager? But it's- it is- it is me? Right? What? Oh my God! Wow. From janitor to manager? That's quite a Cinderella story. From M-O-P to M-V-P. Can we expect any payroll interruptions? So we're not gonna be a part of Sabre anymore? Oof. [laughs] Wouldn't wanna be a Sabre employee right about now. [laughs] I'm actually the CEO. Hey, my friend, trust me. This is for the best. I never understood that corporate mess. Likewise, I'm Bob. Bob Kazamakis. I'd love to give you a little rundown on what I've learned about this place. All right, you sly bastard. When can you start? Ouch. That's gotta hurt! David has generously offered to donate one million dollars in matching funds to a cause that's very dear to me. So, for the next three years, I'll be travelling overseas, concentrating all of my efforts on educating- mentoring, some African, some Asian, but mainly Eastern European women. David, outward bound was incredible. I was the best at slack lining, I ate a worm. [answering phone] Dwight Schrute. [turns on speakerphone] Well, hi there David Wallace. Why would you ever call me when the manager is out of town? Hi, David. Okay, David, I want to take you off speaker but... I don't know where I'd put you. Do you want it? No. Do you use it? No. Does it inexplicably show up on your doorstep three times a year? Yes, yes, and yes. There's a reason that we in the paper industry call this thing "the White Whale". Look at all that sweet blubber. So uh, last I remember Tom Peterman was in charge of that account? Shhh! [clears throat] Thanks David! Thank you so much for calling me! I mean, I can handle any client issues from Philly. Oh, you mean handle it in person. Oh, well, Phyllis and Stanley have agree to cover for me while I'm gone. Yep. I resent that. I, I never lied to you. And all was good in Scranton PA that day. Oscar says "hi" all the time. He says all kinds of greetings. "Hi" "Hello" "Hola" You're telling me you've never heard Oscar say "hi"? But you're calling me a liar. By the way, that reminds me, I want to ask you about some of the lies you've been telling lately. Oh, here we go, January seventh 2013. [Reading from phone] "Hey Andy, all's well. Been meaning to make it down there but my wife's sick." Well, which is it?! Is all well or is your wife sick?! BUSTED! This has been a really tough time. Yeah. Erin just dumped me and I can't remember any of the aha moments I had on the boat, and I know it sounds weird to say but I really miss my beard. It was like a security blan- You're not? That's awesome. David, I'll be there for you. These five words I swear to you. When you breathe, I want to be here for you. I'll be there for you. That's a poem by J.B. Jovi. I want you to have it. Crystal. Yes. [nods and shakes hands with David Wallace] Hey, David? I think you're a nice guy too. He looks worse. Uh, well I'm afraid not. Toby Flenderson, of H.R., has made a sudden reappearance. Not on the surface, no, but I can tell people are disturbed, David. Yes. I learned a while back that if I don't text 911 people will not return my calls. Um, but now people always return my calls because they think that something horrible has happened. That's true. People say it's icky. David, wait. Is there no way we can get rid of him? I have cause. It is be-cause I hate him. No. I don't. Are we, uh... are we leaving or what? [Mose hits Andy in the head with a deflated ball] Ow! Hey David- [begins coughing violently] I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm eating tiramisu. Some of the chocolate powder just went down my throat. I'm stopping now. No, no, no, no, no. No. I'm calling- [coughs again] I'm sorry. Mm. I'm calling because, um, we have a stupid budget surplus, and people-everybody wants something different. No, no, no. I want you to make the decision so I'm not the bad guy. The what now? Oh God. Come on! Right what? This is going to sound sort of high-maintenance, but could we have it, like, three degrees cooler in here? I always think better when it's cooler. [pokes his head in] Hey, what say we order up some pasta? So I was in the office, and I look over to our Accounting division, and there is Kevin Malone. Kevin is wearing a jacket that I've never seen before. And I call over to Kevin, "Kevin, is that a tweed jacket?" And he looks at me and he says, "Michael, yes it is a tweed jacket." And I look back at him and I say, "I feel the need!... The need for tweed." [rises] Oh, thank you. I have to say, I am so impressed with the potential you see in me. Okay. [sits back down to continue eating] What you talking bout, Wallace? [imitating What you talking bout Willis] Hi, I am well, how are you? Oh, have you not? Yeah. Okay. Fax, why don't you just send it over on a dinosaur? That's the thing about debating, you're just going to get people more entrenched in the view they had in the first place. [two sides of the debate start arguing] [pained] Mpfh. Thank you. I am not a mind reader, David. [on phone] Hello David. I just got back from my procedure, so-- How are you doing? [reading from computer] My colonoscopy was an examination of my large colon and the distal part of my small bowel with a camera. Well, there is an explanation that involves me not letting it happen and I just don't... I don't know. I think we might have hired an outside marketing consultant. You're breaking up. OK, I think, it might have been an inside consultant. Yes. No. [seeing David Wallace come into the office] Oh my God. Dwight! Dwight! Get in--- what's it gonna be, what are you gonna do? [Dwight runs into Michael's office] What's it gonna be? Are you gonna do this thing for me? Dwight? [David knocks on Michael's door and opens door] Hey David, how are you? Good to see you. Nice surprise. Dwight and I were just having a very unfortunate conversation. Yes it is, but it had to be done, didn't it? David... you're welcome. [Dwight and David shake hands and make exclamations] I just want to say that this golden ticket idea is one of the most brilliant signs of initiative I have ever seen at this company and how about a big round of applause for Mr. Dwight Schrute? [everyone starts clapping] Thanks old man. Yeah. David? Could I be a part of the meeting also? Alright. Wait, do you guys hear that? There's not a dog listening in, is there? [cut to show Michael on the other line] I hear panting. That is my idea. OK, here's what happened, David. It was all my idea. You called me and you were really angry at me and I got scared, so I had Dwight take the fall, but now, it turns out that it's a great idea and Dwight will not confess. Can you believe that? [same time as Michael] Women's urinals... uh... Thank You! Well David, I will be honest with you. I do want the credit without any of the blame. OK. [on speakerphone] David, it was my understanding that I was not going to be managed. It was my understanding. Listen, why don't we just leave that position vacant? Truth be told, I think I thrive under a lack of accountability. But the branch is still mine? Oh, right. David, are you coming to my fifteenth anniversary party? He hung up? Hello, Stephanie. Ok, where is he? [looks into empty office] [points to bathroom door] So is this the meeting you've been in all day? I drove. Cancelled my fifteenth anniversary party. Just pulled the rug out from under me. And he said no figs. I've already bought em. And I don't have a place to store them. So, I feel like I've been sort of boned. Do you talk to him about this? You've talked to him all day, obviously. Did you talk to him about this? Ok. Then I don't get it. It doesn't make any sense to me. Because I thought in the new system I was supposed to talk to Charles, and then Charles was supposed to talk to you, and that would dilute any need for me to ever talk to you again. Clearly that's what you wanted. Fifteen years I have been here. And I have sacrificed a lot. I've put having a family on hold. I don't understand that after fifteen years of service here, I have to get in the car and drive to New York in order to talk to you. That doesn't seem right to me. That doesn't seem fair. And I think that I've earned more than that. Ok. [gets up to shake David's hand] I quit. There he is. There he is. How was the trip up? Oh, you know it hasn't been that bad. Hasn't been that bad. These people are the salt of the earth down here. You couldn't ask for a better way to learn a company. I feel like I should be thanking you. The conference room is ready if we want to get started. Oh yeah, take your time. Stanley, pay attention. Hi. Hi. Right. Maybe, and I don't know, if you had just returned Michael's call none of us would've lost clients. Uh, Jim hold on. [whispers] You know, David, uh, Dwight's been my guy. Okay? Yeah, Jim-- He shows promise and Jim, I don't know-- I-- he's been a disappointment. [scoffs] No, Jim. I use a bad apiarist. [sighs] Let me float something out there, okay? Can I just say-- can I say something? There is a hive of bees outside the front door. We kidnap the queen, extract her alarm pheromones, place them on a flushable wipe, put that in his bathroom. What is wrong with you? Oh, I don't know. You know, they've taken a good deal of clients, so-- Michael Scott Paper Company to see Mr. David Wallace. I believe we're expected. [David and Charles walk out of conference room] Well, well, well. How the turntables... Never accept their first offer. What is your second offer? [mumbles] I'll see your situation and I'll raise you a situation. Your company is losing clients left and right. You have a stockholder meeting coming up and you're going to have to explain to them why your most profitable branch is bleeding. So they may be looking for a little change in the CFO. So I don't think I need to wait out Dunder Mifflin. I think I just have to wait out you. Just amongst ourselves. Get out. Can you give us another minute please? And I want Charles gone. I need him gone. Okay, then I want Pam back. Thank you. That's right. And Ryan. You know, David. I don't care if Ryan m*rder his entire family he is like a son to me. And dental this time. These are our demands. Our company is worth nothing. That's the difference between you and I. Business isn't about money to me, David. If tomorrow my company goes under, I will just start another paper company. And then another and another and another. I have no shortage of company names. That's one of 'em! Yes. These are our demands. This is what we want. Our b*lls are in your court. Can we have the room please? Hmm... Good game! [shouts from behind the trees] Uh, it's a sketch now. David, is this true? [whispers] I guess not. And? [over shouts of protest] You've got to be kidding me! You've got to be kidding me! We're the best branch in the company! I can't believe it. [Michael and Holly bow] Well... I didn't know they didn't know. Thank you. I don't know. You know, this is a company picnic, so technically that is a company injury, you know? Safest thing to do is get that examined, right David? I didn't find a perfect moment, because I think that today was just about just having today. And I think that we are one of those couples with a long story, when people ask how they found each other. I will see her every now and then, and... Maybe one year she'll be with somebody, and the next year, I'll be with somebody, and it's gonna take a long time... And then it's perfect. I'm in no rush. No, no, hear me out. Five? Six? Seven? Can I finish please? Abso... you know what? I'll do you one better, Sunday, Sunday night. Ho, Hol, hold on big guy, I'm gonna put it in the mail Sunday night and you'll get it Weds. It's okay with me but he's gonna want me in there. Really? Alright, do you mind if it sit this out? I have so much work to do, I feel like I'm gonna blow my brains out. Sorry about that. What'd I miss? Dit, dit, dit, dit, it's not for you. [enters the conference room] Pardon moi, Messieurs. I took the liberty of preparing for you a cheese platter which I will place here on the eastern wall of the conference room. Oui, Oui, Monsieur. From the Wisconsin region, a nice firm cheddar. Also from the great state of Wisconsin, an aged parmesan. Here you will find a cheddar style spread which has reacted nicely with the air to form a light rind which I think you'll find both challenging and delicious. At that point, I would recommend you take a trip south of the border to the great state of Illinois where you will find this fine Bleu Cheese dressing. If I may be so bold, it's a lot of fun to let the goldfish take a little swim in the bleu cheese. Bon appetit. No, I won't. Alright, thanks for giving me your time, I appreciate it. Thank you Jim. [crawls out of the cheese cart unseen] Hey, hey, you must have walked right past me. How you doin'? Kelly Kapoor, yes. Look who you're talking to. Well I would say that my greatest talent is being the best man, woman, or child, to have ever run this branch, ever. [looks at Jim] Permission to speak on the record? Jim is like Big Bird. He is tall and yellow and very nice. But would I put him in charge? No, I don't think so. Because Big Bird doesn't make the tough decisions. I... If I was gonna put someone in charge, I would put Burt in charge or I would put one of the real grown-ups in charge, like Maria or Gordon, maybe. Very much, Jim is my best friend. But it's his performance report... right here. Now this was written by Toby, who we all know is extremely reliable. It's not very well written, but you get the gist. I can just continue to run it myself. This was Jim's idea? Wow. Ummm, well I'd have to talk to my mother and my guy at H and R Block. I didn't tell Michael because I thought he'd try to help. Example, he handed out Jello sh*ts at the 23rd mile of the Steamtown marathon. Sad. Hey David, this is Michael Scott. [Jim pushes speaker phone button] Michael Scott here. Just wanted to talk to you about Jim Halpert. I understand that he did not receive the promotion. And I wanted to see what I could do to nudge you in the right direction. Absolutely, [turns speakerphone off] not. [turns speakerphone back on] Like I said before, Jim is fantastic and he deserves this job. Wha... here's the thing, Jim is the best man for this job, I think you should give it to him. Well, nnnn, that... that was an anomaly. That file had been falsified. Toby Flenderson is doing dr*gs. [on phone] Hello. No, it's just us. Hi David. Well just as long as it means Jim becomes a manager. I like that, so manager and co-manager. Well that might be a little confusing for people because they know me as manager. Hey David. Oh, OK. Sure. Oh, you know, while I have you... today I was working on this pitch for a supermarket chain, and it would actually be a big account and I wanted to- OK. Thank you. Hello. Thank you. Oh. It was awesome. Very, very sublime. It's nice to meet you, too. It's an honor and a privilege. [to David] This is not as much fun as I thought it would be. I've always been the guy who can rally other people to rebel. In high school I organized a walk out over standardized testing. Got over 500 students to just skip the SATs. At the last second I chickened out, took it anyway, got a 1220, always regretted it. I feel lachrymose . I did wave. I did a lot more than wave. We tell them the plan, right? I am the guy who roused that crowd. Got them on their feet. They were so happy down there. Ok. Alright. Well, I know a guy. This Mexican guy. He is a math whiz. He knows economics as well as he knows bull fighting and I am going to call in a little favor. Well, I'm texting him, so. Hey, uh David. So there was a little bit of a miscommunication here today. It's been a little wild, uh, but I am on it. No. I know how it happened.[Dwight is listening to the recording-pen from Jim's office] All right, it will not happen again. I promise. No! No. Yes. No. [Michael gets up and walks into his office] David, guess who I'm sitting here dressed as. I'll give you a hint. His last name is Christ. He has the power of flight. He can heal leopards. I'm Jesus, David, and you know why? Because Phyllis, a woman, has uslurped my role as Santa. What? Really? What's going on? Hey! Get off! Get off the phone! What does that mean? Well, can't Alan protect you? All of us? He told me where his kids go to school. I call the school, I tell them I'm a pediatrician. They patch me through to his secretary. I use my little girl voice. Badda bing, badda boom. It's not sweetie, it's Michael Scott. Stephanie could you hop off please? David! Hi David! [group hellos] David, they do not believe me. When you told me everyone was canned. Well I think we're past that now. How 'bout us? It's Meredith. By the way, your wife is a very lucky woman. We're not fired? I have come here today to talk to Mr. David Wallace about this whole thing going on with Sabre. [rings doorbell] He will know exactly what to do. He is not a big fan of me dropping by announced. But then again, who is? [loud drumming as door opens] Hey. Hi, sorry. I hope you're not busy doing something. You sure? You look great too. Oh, yeah, that sounds good. Hey. Wow. Wow. Oh, yummy. [David spreads marshmallow fluff on bread] You have got the life, my friend. Can I just stay here and never go back? Oh, man. How much time do you have? Hey, honey. How's your day going? Did you do anything cool? Oh, 'cause I saw you had shoes on, so I didn't know if you did anything. I don't know. Sabre is changing everything. [Michael and David sitting in hot tub] Site blockers. They don't let us use cups. So I started thinking, who could handle this? Who would know what to do? David Wallace would know what to do. What should I do, David Wallace? Exactly. What are you thinking? It is a tough one. Yeah. But one would be good. Okay. Okay. So the kid's making the noise to pick it up. Oh, okay. No, I think it is- Yep. That's as hard as I can hint. The what? Oh, okay. See you later. [hugs Wallace] Bye now. Mm. Wow. That is metallicy. Ugh. That's like drinking a battery. Ah, really gets you in the fillings, doesn't it? Okay, anyway, welcome.[David Wallace at keyboard, Teddy playing drums] Suck it! Suck it! Suck it! Suck it! Suck it! Take out my Suck It and we'll suck it. Josh Porter, Stamford. And Michael Scott, Scranton. Fine Michael. Thank you. So with the twelve new local accounts, we had a total of four percent organic growth, which was just above our pre-year targets. Thank you. Questions? Yes, thank you. I was under the impression this was, more of like... a meet and greet type deal. Well, Valentine's Day isn't over. Let's get you home and you are gonna get the best sex of you life. No no no no no, yes I, OK, well, alright, here's the deal. It's my fault. This is, this is totally on me. Before you guys came in, I was talking to the guys. We were all chatting and I made a joke, a really dumb joke and Craig the idiot took it seriously. [Jan looks at Michael] I did, it was stupid. And Craig, you saw him, he's not the sharpest tool in the shed. Although he is a tool. [David grins] Uh, that's fine. Let's just forget it. Rachel. Boy, you clean up good. Place looks great with all the lights on. And everything. Actually looks bigger with people in it. It's weird. So... Of course, of course, David. Do you remember Michael Scott? What's the square footage? I'm just... Gotcha. Alright. Yeah. Do you have any ice? What do you know? Rachel thinks that I brought homemade potato salad and I just picked it up at the supermarket. It's funny. I wish I could make potato salad that good. It's just potatoes and mayonnaise. There is something wrong with Jan. To what do I owe this great honor, David Wallace? And Gromit. [David sighs] Jan? Is Jan there? Oh, you sigh like Jan. I broke Jan's heart, David, and it was awful. It was... It was never my intention to ruin a life. But you know what? Sometimes... ...you just gots to get your freak on. Yeah. Hmmm. Really? Wow. I wish I had prepared something to say. May God guide you in your quest. [at Dunder-Mifflin Corporate in NY] David! Are we all set? Yes. I just happened to be in the neighborhood, thought I'd drop in and say hello. Thought I'd catch a show. Naaah. You know what? Since I'm here, let me ask you a few questions about the job. Um, how many people are you interviewing? Ah, well, good. Out of curiosity are you interviewing anyone who has been here longer than I have, or manages more people? Great. One more... question. When you merged those branches who did you put in charge? Ah, great. No further questions. Okay. [knocks on door] Hello, hello! Good to see you. Here are the post-merger performance stats that you asked for. Why don't I tell you what my greatest weaknesses are? I work too hard. I care too much. And sometimes I can be too invested in my job. Well, my weaknesses are actually... strengths. Thank you. I literally cannot wait to see what Dwight has planned. And I wish Jim were here. I've never been a big fan of the name Dunder Mifflin. I was thinking we could name the company something like, "Paper Great. Where great paper is our passion. We're GRRRRRRRRRREAT!" I don't know, could be good. Or, uh, "Super Duper Paper. It's super duper." I don't know, something like that. Okay. Thank you. It is always a treat whenourpaths cross. So, oh! Before I forget, I wanted to let you know, if you hadn't already heard, uh, Jan and I are back together. So... I may need to fill out one of those love documents again. Yes. And I am very excited about the prospect of working under her... or on top of her. [laughs] Mm, that's not sexual, just... we're all professionals. I don't understand. So, we're gonna tag team it? So, that's... my basic 5 year plan. And after that, who knows? Yeah? He's a very nice man. And he's very well suited for the job he has now. You son of a b*tch! You'ref*ringme? Where the hell do you get off? Erratic? No, I wanna know. I wanna know! Because if it is, then, then, then I will see you in court! No? 'Cause he likes them. [points to Michael] Okay? He likes them. And, and that is, that is all I care about. So, I am gonna... give her a ride home. Let me know about the job. Good, I'm glad we're on the same page. I have a lot of ideas for new directions. You know what? That... is actually good... because, um, I don't think I could take... my girlfriend's job. That's not being a good boyfriend. So, I respectfully withdraw my name from consideration. Do you accept my withdrawal? Good. Very good. I'm glad we are finally on the same page. Still have my job in Scranton, though. No, I don't know what the future holds, but... I'm optimistic. And, uh, I had fun goofing around with Dwight today. Jim and I... are just... too similar. Maybe one day I'll find my own Karen. But--- you--- that is, a, um, you know, not--- A man. A man version. But, uh, until then... I can hold my head up. ... I'm not gay. I should leave. [pretends to get up] [they laugh] Thanks. I'm sorry, wait, so is the question "How'd I get to be so awesome?" [laughs] Because, I don't have an answer for you. [laughs] Yes, absolutely. Oh, no, absolutely. [hands David his papers] There you go. [not thinking clearly because of Pam's note] What's that? Oh, uh, great. You know? I just um, I really appreciate the buildings, and uh, the people, and um, there's just a [S*c] energy... New York has, uh... Not to mention, they have places that are open past eight. [David laughs] So that's a... bonus. [thinks] The friendships. [to camera, tearing up, smiling] I'm sorry, what was the question?