I just love sales. I love it to death. It's as simple as that. And I don't get to do it enough as a manager, so I took this second job. I count it as a hobby. Some people have golf, or relaxing. Hey, I just got off the phone, and I was gonna make another call. Here we are, the Irrigation Room! A very special room. So I'll come get you before the table-making demonstration. And as of this morning, we are completely wireless here in Schrute Farms. But as soon as I find out where Mose hid all the wires, we'll get that power back on. All righty. These meetings are useless. Very inspirational. [laughter] Or a trained seal. [laughter] Well your son sounds like he's really motivated. I think it's crazy the coach won't play him frankly. You bet. Look, I know sales, and I had that sale, I just needed a few more minutes--- It is not a waste of our time. No. Vikram doesn't have my people skills. Um, sort of a spy, thriller... Ho-ho. There he is, the IT guy. So you discovered the break room. I imagine one of the best things about being an IT guy is, you get to know everyone's computer passwords. Listen, I know you have to say that, but we got a little problem here. There is an employee named Jim Halpert, and he is doing some terrible things, okay? He is molesting people via the internet. And we need to stop him. No, the cops called us. So I'm gonna need you to give me the password to Jim Halpert's computer. Nick. We could make things very, very difficult for you. Everything's fine. We have plenty of time. Good luck! Okay. Hey, IT guy. Oh, sure thing, go ahead. Wait, are they searching all our computers? I think we all can agree that it's either Gabe or Angela. [flips a coin] It's Angela. Get her, boys. Uh, not now. I don't know, is it Shadow or Garth, it's something weird, I... Okay, well, Nick, we're in a meeting. Hey, listen man, you can't take it personally. No... sport. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey IT guy. Here's the story, champ. None of us have spent a lot of time getting to know you, okay? We liked the last guy, Siddiq, because he kept to himself, and we also thought he might have been a t*rror1st. You know what, I'm going to leave you with one other thought. Inner city kids use computers for two things, games and p*rn. So good luck wasting your life, lurch.