Hiya! Ha! [climbs on Phyllis' desk and starts kicking things off, bites off the head of a stuffed animal] I love you. What's up, Venus? That means don't. Haven't you seen Ghostbusters, Pam? Come on. Okay, um... [draws a circle around "Don't" with a line through it] That's as clear as I can make it. Ok, you know what? Just -just back off! Back off! Yep, here they are. Boycott the Steamtown Mall! Everyone, you heard me! Cancel all of your business with the Steamtown Mall! I'd like you to imagine a place where you feel very peaceful. For me, it's the walk from the yogurt shop to my car after I drop my daughter off on Sunday afternoons. We present to you for your comments and approval, Dwight K. Shrute. I did, because I am being the bigger man, and balloons are bigger than flowers. Yeah! Yeah, I get those every day after work. Thanks, but I feel like a loner right now. That is my new maintenance worker, Nate. And you'll be happy to know that he's taking care of that hornet's nest that you've been griping about. There are many reasons a man would wear a fake mustache to work. [spinning in chair] He is a fan of the outrageous. He loves to surprise! He loves... other things as well. [shying away] Look, [sighs] It's a pimple Phyllis. Avrile Lavigne gets them all the time and she rocks harder than anyone alive. Everyone, I've noticed that we have not been entirely kind to one of our own, due to stigmas and prejudices. ...unbelievable. [reading Cornell magazine] Whoa. Libby Dirketts got married. Big Red mazel tov to the Libster. Ooh, says here Dan Becker fell off the side of Kilimanjaro in a climbing accident. It appears Dan's Sherpa survived to tell the tale-Oh, my God! No, he d*ed. It's Broccoli Rob. You know this guy; I showed you his picture on Facebook. "Some Vermont-based alums can hear 'Broccoli' Rob Blatt, '96, in the state milk lobby's new milk awareness song, 'Calci-YUM!', featuring Phish's Trey Anastasio. Says Broccoli, 'Trey and I had a ton of fun in the studio, and I think you can hear it in the song.'" Yeah, yeah, it's great... I don't know, your frame, your build-why don't you have a glass of apple juice and tell me you're not a diabetic. [Stanley stands to leave] See? I could tell by the sound you made when you stood up that you have-okay. Yes, Phyllis? Yes, Jim. And with a little tweaking, it becomes a different office. We lure Danny to it and watch him sell. I'm outta here. Okay. Well...get ready, 'cause it's gonna get better. I don't think that she would leave Jim for Danny. Pam is gonna choose whoever has a scent most like that of her father. Does anyone remember what her dad smelled like? I guess you could say I'm still in costume. I'm a rational consumer. I don't like your tone! Look, they were sold out of all the other costumes, okay? I think we all live in the real world, here. Let's not pretend to be unaware of what sells in this office. [hands are being forced to the letters] A... S... S... H... E... T? This is Jessica Ortega. I met her when both she and I were both seven years old when my parents took me to Quimixto on a service trip. Look at these people. These are church-going people. And they know how to party. Hey, right? Tell them that I d*ed, and I turned into an angel, and when they feel a breeze in a room with all the windows closed or that-that chill on the back of their neck, that is just me watching over them. Hey, guys, has anybody seen the baby? [peeking into various rooms] The show's starting. The show's starting! The show's starting! Show's starting! [Glee begins as all get nearby to watch] Finn. Rachel. [enters room where Phyllis is pouring wine, using stadium announcer voice] Ladies and gentlemen please welcome, Phyllis Vance! [sniffs her] Isn't that White Diamonds Maya Smith Taylor? [throws up on bed] Puts pillow in front of the puke. Erin likes Gabe. Do you think that they've ever... Well girls tell each other things right? Good luck Michael! Oh, uhm, like three months. I don't know. [awkwardly] I have to go Phyllis. Pervert. Welcome to your future. I say we b*mb 'em. By 2020, they're gonna be the world's largest economy and they're getting a taste for protein. We'll all starve. This is possibly our new Dunder Mifflin office. I'll tell you who. Darryl, Phyllis, Stanley, Angela, and Oscar. You are? Nashua got mp3 players. Wow. Look at that. There's a pebble in there. You coulda k*lled me. You know what you, you, you leave these huge pauses in your sentences. What do you expect me to do? Nora Ephron, in every romantic comedy ever made. Kelly! Um, how are you adjusting to the move? Did you see her face? Well it seems to me that there is a person sitting out there in the annex that still has feelings for Michael G. Scott. And it ain't Tara. Yup. No, no. Jim had a great year, actually. I just wanted to get your opinion. Look at this. [walks in with a dirty Woody] Who did this? It's obvious to me I'm not welcome here, but somebody better tell me who did this, or else I'm leaving. The glitter is blinding. I recently met Sue, the office administrator at Vance Refrigeration. She has this awesome wall full of fun initiatives and morale boosters and stuff. Sue just goes for it, she's awesome. No. She'd just resent me. Or worse! She would think of me as her friend. [disgusted voice] Oh, hi friend! Blegh. You think she'd talk to you? No, that's uh. p*rn. p*rn. Old lady... nasty... p*rn. Oh, sure. Have a seat. How were your breaks? Oh, wow... you went together? No. Nothing really happened. I mean, I know I made a big deal about this whole New Year's deadline, but um, it came and went... and, we're still together. That's great. There's a big, big future in that. Stanley, you're suppose to close. [quietly] Phyllis? Oh my gosh! Yeah, yeah. Put me on that. [whispers] Click the "x" In the box. Uh, excuse me, excuse me. How does the speaker know what the guy in the coma is dreaming? Ladies and gentlemen, I think we have a winner. Who's is it? Who wrote that? Okay. Oh! [laughter] "Gabe's mom... hmm... Gabe's mom? Wait. Tall woman? Looks like Gabe? Yeah, I banged her." Nice. Do the damn thing. - Pow! [they fist bump and explode] Yeah, it's a little much. Not occasionally. All the time. I'm not asking for one, I need it. This is your moms old stuff? How's she doing? How do you know when its time? [a barber enters the office for Deangelo] That is so badass. So hardcore. Awesome! Nice! [rest of the office looks excited] Stanley Hudson is a grump, everybody knows that. [Stanley looks angry] But did you know, that Stanley Hudson is also the face of a debilitating disease known as diabetes. The Diabetes Award goes to Stanley Hudson! [Stanley slowly walks over, angry] Come on up here you sick bastard. So you guys are filming people when they go to the bathroom now? It's an experiment. Mmm! [pulls out a list of everyone in the office, then puts it back in his jacket] Attention everyone, before I leave tomorrow I would like to reveal a secret I have kept for over twenty years. A secret about Phyllis. When Phyllis was in high school, she was so... cute. [Phyllis looks relieved] And she still is. I thought he knew about the baby I gave away. Ahh. [hesitantly] Sounds great, I just think it's great. Oh, I have gifts as well! [goes into his office and comes out with a bag] And I will start, by giving the first gift to Phyllis! Phyllis, you are shy and sweet, and you don't often speak your mind, but you should. Because you have great ideas. So Phyllis, I am giving you this, so you can always remember to speak your mind. [presents to her a mouth wind-up chattering toy] But you're the best salesman, on the inside. No. See? This is what happens. You can't let a stray dog into the house. [stopping her] Okay, don't turn this into some feminist issue. I think we should do cupcakes. I am one of the few people who looks hot eating a cupcake. Okay. [both chuckling. Michael leaves Erin, looking thoughtful] Phyllis. Phyllis, are my mittens done? Listen to me. It's two p.m. From now until four, your priority is knitting. Knit like the wind. Okay, here we are in the conference room. Once again. And I just wanted to call you all here, together, because I have something important. Well there's two things actually. Okay first, I would like a whereabouts on Pam. [Jim looks regretful] And secondly, Phyllis how are those mittens coming? Because I would actually like to bring them home and pack them. I'm leaving for the day at four. Okay... [crosses Jim off his list] Phyllis. No. Never. Can someone please throw me a fifth ball? If you dare! [Kevin pretends to throw ball] Incoming! And we're on! Remember, nothing's impossible! Phyllis, where's Phyllis? Do you believe in me, Phyllis? Because I believe in you. Oh, I'm glad you asked, Jim. Because apparently there's a rumor running around here that I am a sexist. I can't work here effectively if you guys think I'm something that I am not. I am not a sexist. Raise your hand if you have a vag*na. [Deangelo raises hand, Kelly and Pam sheepishly raise hands] Raise your hand if someone you love has a vag*na. [Deangelo raises other hand, along with rest of office] Yeah, yeah. Okay. Just about everyone. What about Deangelo's hand? Oh wow. He's got 'em both up. [Ryan raises both hands] Yeah. Uh huh. [others raise both hands] Yeah, so it bothers me when I hear that there's gossip around here that I treat women lesser than men. Okay? Frankly, we all look a little ridiculous when that happens. No, you can't get flowers for someone who's in a coma. They'll wilt before he wakes up. No. The blueberry Slurpee pouch. Thank you. Yeah. Okay, fine. You can go on your singing audition. Good morning. Good morning. [checks to see that she is alone with Phyllis] Did you hear anything? Oh, I'm sure they'll let us know when they get the results. [Erin crosses fingers and smiles excitedly] So, Phyllis might be my mom. I mean, the chances are tiny, but... Yeah. I'm sure I was just another Porky's baby. But why not find out. Okay, guys, it's time. It's pep talk time. Tell me what I need to hear. [on video resume on a laptop] Name? David Brent. Occupation? Inspirer. Status? None of your business. Young, free, and single, though. Thanks for asking. Hear you're looking for a new boss. Yeah? Someone to tell a bunch of discontented, underencouraged drones what to do every day. Is that it? Oh. Our out-of-touch powers that be? Want me to f*re them, if they don't see things your way? Then I ain't that dude. Bye-bye, baby, bye-bye. Get some other corporate suit to lay down the law. What? You've changed your mind? You're now looking for a leader of men? Ipso facto, women too. [points at self] When do I start? Yeah. [Jim looks uninterested in this candidate] [trying to cut off Phyllis] I... I don't think I can do that. Well, that's not my personality. Yes? Yeah, but see... it's not. You have met a lesbian in real life, right? What is happening right now? No, why would you think that? I see it. [nods and smiles] I see it like I see a mountain that I'm standing in front of [voice cracks] and facing, and I'm like... Yeah. [Oscar looks confused] Yeah, Andy would be wonderful as boss. Erin made a good point. [brushes Erin's hair with her hand] Okay, shush it. This was a mistake. Let's go. [Darryl and Jada leave, Ryan slowly shakes his head] What? No, no, it's not a vote. It can't be nothing. WARNING! WARNING! WARNING! WARNING! WARNING! Phyllis! Phyllis! You okay? You okay? ... 2, 3! [pulls Phyllis up] He'll know that we looked at his private notebook. I'm already working on this Columbus Day thing for you guys and it's starting to stack up. Feels like a lot. One thing at a time. Cultural ghetto? Totally- totally agree. [separately] Awww. Let me tell you some things I find productive. Positive reinforcement. Negative reinforcement. Honesty. I'll tell you some things I find unproductive. Constantly worrying about where you stand based on inscrutable social clues. And then, inevitably reframing it all in a reassuring way so that you can get to sleep at night. No, I do not believe in that at all. If I invited you to lunch, I think you're a winner. If I didn't, I don't. But I just met you all. Life is long, opinions change. Winners prove me right. Losers, prove me wrong. Well, you got it this year too. This week we are rolling out the brand new Sabre tablet....the Pyramid. [holds up triangle shaped touch pad] I'll take five.[Andy walks in with ties on his arm] Take a look at where you are, where you once worked in a dying industry, you now work at it's birth. Those superstores are terrified of us. Anybody know why? If no one else wants to? I was just thinking about Robert...man. What a boss. Just throws down goals, you know? Anyway, how's the sales doubling ...project going? Thanks for coming in guys. [on the phone]I can have it to you by the beginning of next week. Alright? Thanks very much. [hangs up] Uh, Phyllis! Bracken Auto? OK, keep in mind, it's not too late to choose another prize and there are some great new additions. My car [nervous laughter] for a thousand points....or best offer. Before taxes. What really interests me is the group dynamic of six people winning the lottery. This will not end well. Right? I haven't hired anyone. I got it. I'm doin' it. As long as you guys don't need me up here. Uno! Dos! Tres! [sh*t shows Jim & Dwight pulling ropes attached to a plank holding Erin in a helmet and boxes of paper down the greased runway, Dwight grunts] I don't get the reason for this party. Andy, we understand basic table manners, we're not children. Yeah, of course. Ye... I mean, uh, yeah, I think he did. [groans from the group] Ah, it's, uh... somebody's already called that. Send completed. You are the best in the biz, I can't deny. Okay. When I was 22, I worked there and everybody said the place was haunted. I didn't believe it until one day before we opened, I look up into the mirror, you know, behind the bar, and I see this old man dressed all in black, but when I turn around, there's no one there. So, I tell the cook my story... I know. I'm taking them down. Got 'em. Go! I don't know. She's from somewhere, I bet. Maybe from the forest. I don't know, Phyllis. Maybe she's from the city. The Michelin man called, he wants his cummerbund back. You don't deserve to have this branch. Five mistakes in less than a day. Thank you. Really you guys thank you. Very sweet. No! There are universal biological standards of beauty and attraction. And you are purposefully celebrating the opposite of them to mollycoddle a pregnant woman. I'm going into labor! Charge! I'm in. You know, I just got Limitless on my iPad. I bet I could get it on the TV. No, of course we're not tourists. We're just people that aren't from here who are taking a tour. Its... I mean come on. All I need is another gym. As if I don't have enough drama. Oh, that is so cute- He did it himself. The fifth one is for you, Erin. You could take it or leave it. To take it would be to accept that you're at a party and you're an adult woman, with an adventurous spirit. To leave it would be fine too. So, there was talk of oatmeal. Hey guys, sorry to interrupt, I uh, just found this on my desk. [shows picture of Cici with devil doodles] Need to talk to somebody about it. Can you believe that? Um. I know who did this....Dwight. No! Right. You're right. So maybe it was me who did it...by accident. Good-timers follow me. Atlanta. Wrong, for so many reasons. The ring of a failed marriage might have some sinister energy, right? Am I just being silly? You know what, I can just sell it and put the money in the party fund. Yeah. Ooh, "the case of the h*t and run," that's exciting. We should all go to the hospital and visit her. Yeah, you owe us. I had to stay until six twice to cover for you. My wife got to the TV first, had to sit through damn Rizzoli and damn Isles. Wow, I'm really sorry. Hey, m*rder She Wrote. How about we drop the whole 'm*rder, She Wrote' thing, okay? Jim was at the courthouse for jury duty every morning. How do I know? Because I drove him there. Thirty minutes out, thirty minutes back, easy hour. And I would watch that cute little tushie scurry up those courthouse stairs every morning and that was that. [gasps] Yes! Cece wanted to thank everybody for letting her daddy stay home with her all last week and play, so she brought you a little treat. Oh, Aunt Phyllis. No, no, it's okay, I'll be right back. Jim. Pam! Ahh! Look what I can do now that she's no longer pregnant. [pretends to punch Pam in the stomach] Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! [laughs exaggeratedly] Order reference number 00983-126. Who is ready for dinner? "oh, I bet it's pizza, or tacos, or something stupid". No. [claps] I went south of the border for this. And then I went south of that border. And we have ourselves... [takes foil off tray] [Jamaican accent] A Jamaican feast, mon![Disapproval from everyone else] Uh, "The moon is huge tonight." Cool-down fiesta begins right now. I got decaf coffee... Oh, my god! Guys, guys. That's so vague. You gotta do the zip plus four. 1-8-5-0-5 dash 7-4-2-7. How could I have been more clear? He had a massive stroke [slight pause] of good fortune and he is now in a better place. [to Kevin] What's a skinny guy like Toby know about cookies? You can't trust him to understand the wants and needs of the thick man. Maybe Toby from two years ago. Look, I need this. Ok? Your daughter is a pretty little girl. Let her go door-to-door. You think people gonna buy cookies from my [hesitates] chubby daughter? Or have them sing that song! That the frog does in Looney Tunes. Sup? Thank you, for someone who actually notices this. No, I didn't lose weight. But I started using my makeup to contour my face to look skinnier. I actually put on five pounds. Me. All right. Let's get going. First up, it is the woman with the beautiful fingernails and the tiny feet, Phyllis. Phyllis. So, Phyllis, I have been very impressed with you. Oh, great. [reads] "Glad they didn't mix up your tonsillectomy with a moustachectomy." Oh that's not good. Okay, Phyllis sits across from him every day. Phyllis, does he have a moustache or not? [reveals Stanley's moustache] Ah! Ha ha ha! Mm-hmm. She's always late, she's always rude... Yeah. [laughs] We should do it right here in the break room. [they giggle] What I mean to say is we don't want to. Hey!  So how was the drive in? You don't say? Yeah. You know the roads are actually the slickest in the first half hour? Yeah. Phyllis. This rain... does it make you wanna be doing something? Hey, come on. And that's noon. Exactly. [others groan] I was very drunk. If it makes you feel any better, I never had an orgasm until I was forty-two. And then when I did, it lasted 'til I was forty-four. Dwight, I don't think he's going to hurt anybody. You two better watch yourselves. [to webcam] Hello. My name's Oscar. I'm an accountant in Scranton, Pennsylvania and I'm gay. And I'm here to tell you that yes- it does get better. When I was younger, um- He's searching out younger gays. Hi, you know, my office got a call that they were sh**ting family portraits right here. And if there's one thing that every politician instinctively understands, it's a good photo op. David, what are you doing here? I was so looking forward to that and it did not... go as I thought it would. Oh, my god. It's called a garbage can. [to Kevin] Language. I'm just saying, what does it imply in this country when a white person shares an ancestor with a black person? Hi guys. Stop it! Stop it! You're frightening me! [Toby uses tester on wall as Erin marks wall with red tape X] Oh, god. It's an EMF hotspot. You're the boss. Don't you think we'd all be a lot more productive if while we were doing work we looked up and saw the best rural pie stand in Pennsylvania? Well now I don't even feel like pie. Wait...no it's back. Role call. That Swayze sure can dance dirty. Her name? Good luck to you. [disconnects call] That is a damnable lie. I love women. Ew. That's not good. ‘Gy-na' said that? Angela, I'll go with you. You've got this Schrute. May I please speak to your boss? He's screwed. They're meeting in less than an hour. Okay, I'm a woman. [high voice] I'm a woman. Good? Hello. No. All right. Not enough lobster. Side order. You know, at the end of the day, it's really only two days. I mean, I'll be back in the office.  If you need me for an emergency, call me.  I'll be there... Tell me about it. All right. You know what?  Maybe we'll just... We'll go slow. All right. Phyllis! Phyllis, that's-- that's decorative. No. Don't-- don't-- don't pole people with knives. Ooh, bring it over. Well, we're here. Perfect.  [covers sleeping Phyllis with his jacket] [laughing] I did enjoy grinding your beans, son. Yeah. I didn't realize how many of Angela's opinions I agreed with, until she tried to have my kneecap shattered for sleeping with her husband. She makes a lot of very sound points. Or, who was it that suggested the authentic Pennsylvania Dutch Christmas? I think it was someone really popular. We're the party planning committee, and we did not get where we are by playing it safe. We got here by being risk takers. And, yeah, Dwight's party is gonna be terrible. Maybe. Maybe it's not. Maybe it's going to be great. And if it's great...I think we all know what that would mean to us. [With his mouth full] I love this hog mama. [Chokes and spits it out] What is maw?![Dwight walks in as Belsnickel] Yes, exactly! Take a bowl and pass it down. Phyllis Vance! Cheer or fear? Belsnickel is here! I judge your year as...admirable. [Jim claps] There you are. It's a set of rubber gaskets for canning jars. Party's over. You quit on Christmas, Christmas quits on you. [To camera] And guess what, kids. Belsnickel isn't real. It's me, Dwight! [Takes off hat and beard][Everyone putting up normal Christmas decorations as Phyllis has a talking head] I wash my hands at least six times a day. Toilet seat covers? Yes, thank you, even when I pee. Apparently, none of that is protection enough. Not when it comes to Meredith. Alright, we're going down to my warehouse, that means we're playing by my rules. No messing with the baler and be cool in front of me and Val. We just broke up. Yeah. I think he needs some hugs, and maybe some chocolate cake. Or what's her name. Can I help you? Yeah, that's true. Quite enormous. Phyllis, my sister? More like my dead great great grandmother who d*ed of stupidity. Hey guys. Nope, you got it. You fixed it. Uh, I have a gift from Jan. It's an espresso maker! We came to be quite fond of espresso on the Amalfi Coast so... bon appetite. YOLO! [singing and dancing] Whoo! Everybody shut up and work! You're welcome. Yes. And he didn't like it. Are you pretending to be crazy, huh? What? Come on guys. We need to figure out who did this and punish them. This isn't just about me. This is about all of us. This is our mural. Don't you see? How much we worked on this? How much time and energy? We put our heart and soul into this thing. Yeah, let's get some booze and some cocaine and just blow it out. No consequences. Phil, I'll pretend to be your husband. I'm already sick of you, so it'll seem realistic. You're back. [surveys Andy] And you're disgusting. Well, well, well, look who it is. Question. Where's Jim? This is what I'm talking about! This would be good to know. All right, what else? Should've put him out of his misery and just fired her. Why doesn't Erin seem sad? Has she found someone new or something? And if so, why hasn't she told me? Is she trying to spare my feelings? During breakups, the mind goes to some crazy dark places. Ah, come on. Uh, hello! Who's snooping on who now? What's it say? It's not cool. Uh huh. That's where nosey'll get you. Kid doesn't have a romantic bone in his body. Can someone please help me? [after Dwight tosses dirt on her face] What color is it? Hi, all. I don't think we should eat Packers' cupcakes. We can't give him the satisfaction. Wow, you're right. It is just about the cupcakes. [as all agree] OK. Hey, everybody. Um, I decided to eat my cupcake. I thought about it last night. I talked to Jim. I talked to my sister. And, I think that, as long as Todd Packer doesn't know, it's OK. Oh my god! Is everyone OK? I went Christmas caroling in March and I fertilized some bushes along the way. So, not my best night. But, not my worst night. [Phyllis rocks her chair into his provocatively] Seriously. Ugh. Ok, this is unacceptable. It's officially a hostile work environment. OK, you are useless. I'll take care of this. [walks out of Andy's office and dumps water on Phyllis] Excuse me, dirty birdie [takes Phyllis' iPod] There's a promo for the new documentary on the web. It looks like the camera man was hiding behind the shelves. Hurry Pam, I need to know how much hellfire is going to rain down on me. I just got a text from my brother. Scranton Times Tribune.com. There's a review of the documentary! "Andy Bernard, the rudderless trust fund child-slash-middle manager, whose incompetence is emblematic of a declining American economy." I bet it's Katie Couric. I've been saying this for years. Huh, yeah. [chuckles] I mean, I'm happy Angela's the first one getting famous, but it's a little weird, no? I mean, she can't sing or act, so it's actually kind of insane, if you think about it. Poor Angela. Yeah, so, I'll see you on the red carpet. See, that's how it works. Everyone! Changed my mind again. [everyone applauding] Awesome! Yeah. And people worse than him make it all the time. Like Lil Romeo. A thousand times more. Phyllis! Grab both these coffees, double-fist it, and head through this obstacle course. I didn't realize we were this close. Well, it's been great. Hey, hey, hey. I'll do one thing with y'all. Ok, everybody ready? I feel scared a little. I brought in some new faces, and one old. I always like Devon. I hired him back after Creed faked his own death in the baler the day after the doc aired. The only person he fooled was Kevin. Then the police showed up. Turns out, Creed was in the band "The Grass Roots" in the 1960's. During that time, the police say he sold dr*gs and trafficked in endangered species meat and stole w*apon-grade LSD from the m*llitary. Oh, thanks. I love your fudge. I think I gained a couple of pounds since I got here. [laughing] Oh, you can afford it. Thank you. Yeah, Hey! Aw! A bear hug from my favorite mama grizzly. A little warm. Heard you guys needed some pipes fixed or cleaned or whatever. That was interesting. [creaking sound] What was that? Will you lock the door? They're called premature, sweetie. It's good to see you again Ryan. No, my heels aren't too high. It's because I spent three hours in a car trunk. Thanks for not locking the door when I asked you to, Phyllis. [sighs] Sorry Phyllis. You didn't know. As long as I can get to the altar. [sobbing] It's everything. I missed you too. We're so excited. Imagine going back and watching a tape of your life. You could see yourself change and make mistakes...and grow up. You could watch yourself fall in love, watch yourself become a husband, become a father. You guys gave that to me. And that's...an amazing gift. I just feel lucky that I got a chance to share my crummy story with anyone out there who thinks they're the only one to take a dump in a paper shredder. You're not alone sister. Let's get a beer sometime. I brought in some new faces, and one old. I always like Devon. I hired him back after Creed faked his own death in the baler the day after the doc aired. The only person he fooled was Kevin. Then the police showed up. Turns out, Creed was in the band "The Grass Roots" in the 1960's. During that time, the police say he sold dr*gs and trafficked in endangered species meat and stole w*apon-grade LSD from the m*llitary. Oh, thanks. I love your fudge. I think I gained a couple of pounds since I got here. [laughing] Oh, you can afford it. Thank you. Yeah, Hey! Aw! A bear hug from my favorite mama grizzly. A little warm. Heard you guys needed some pipes fixed or cleaned or whatever. That was interesting. [creaking sound] What was that? Will you lock the door? They're called premature, sweetie. It's good to see you again Ryan. No, my heels aren't too high. It's because I spent three hours in a car trunk. Thanks for not locking the door when I asked you to, Phyllis. [sighs] Sorry Phyllis. You didn't know. As long as I can get to the altar. [sobbing] It's everything. I missed you too. We're so excited. Imagine going back and watching a tape of your life. You could see yourself change and make mistakes...and grow up. You could watch yourself fall in love, watch yourself become a husband, become a father. You guys gave that to me. And that's...an amazing gift. I just feel lucky that I got a chance to share my crummy story with anyone out there who thinks they're the only one to take a dump in a paper shredder. You're not alone sister. Let's get a beer sometime. No. [applauds] Alright! [high fives Pam] That... is for a good cause. Phyllis, how's the rabies quilt coming? What? Hey. Can you make that straighter? That's what she said. You might want to trim it a little. Can you believe that... Oh no, we're just sitting here. OK. What?! I don't know. If the kid wants to set mine up, I'll let him. Why don't we just go as teams to demonstrate our teamsmanship? Yes? OK, that's not helpful Phyllis. Exactly! Dwight mercy k*lled Angela's cat. It's very complicated. It's caused a lot of unpleasantness between Dwight and Angela. Who are both already prone to unpleasantness. Lunch party? It's supposed to say launch party! What is wrong with you? Angela is worse than usual lately, and we have a party to throw. So I Googled how to deal with difficult people, and I got all of this. [whispering] So we're gonna try out some new things today. I feel angry. Angry at you. Angry at you for doing something stupid. Angry at me for believing you could do something not stupid. I asked for assorted cutlery and I got back spoons. These are worthless. Phyllis. These are spoooons. Spoons have rounded tops, and are used to scoop things. What we need are forks, which have prongs, or tiny spears on top. And we need knives, which have blades. Do you understand me now? Oh no, it's bad. It's real bad. It's like eating a hot circle of garbage. It should take no time at all if you put the care into it that you normally do. Ow! It's 'whom' when it's the object of a sentence, and 'who' when it's the subject. [makes a W then an L with her fingers, and then runs a finger across her throat] Yeah! Everything! Oh it's all good, it's all good. Phyllis! We have three scenes to film, big scenes. We have a song to write. So let's get cracking. Kelly, I want you to do makeup. Oscar, I would like you to do costume design, obviously. Phyllis, I'd like you look around town and see if we have any celebrities in our local area. Okay, okay, Phyllis this is what I want you to do. I want you to go down to the mall. I want you to get in line. I want you to get her to be in this commercial. This would be a huge coupe people. All right? Do not take no for an answer. I find the mystery genre disgusting. I hate being titillated. Andy, Andy, this is a pivotal scene in the ad. And if we don't get this, if we don't nail it, we're going to lose the whole triumph of the moment. The triumph of the will. Now, God, what? What Phyllis? That'a girl. Did you, or did you not get Sue Grafton? And George, his- his youthfulness. His, um, freedom. [Phyllis still beeping the microwave] Evokes, um, um, feeling, um, to the, um... What are you microwaving!? Why don't you use the microwave in the kitchen, Phyllis? Under the stars. It was really beautiful, you should come. Bob and I took rock climbing lessons once. [Michael laughs] [flashback to Phyllis' birthday, sneaking up on Phyllis' car] Happy Birthday! Well nobody's touching my cobbler. This is ridiculous. I left my cell phone in my car. [sitting on Oscar's desk] Oh hello Oscar Mayer Weiner lover. I bet that you have a bunch of very liberal girl type friends that trust you implicitly because they know you'd never touch 'em, because of your condition. Umm... What? Oh. Hmm, I see, feisty. So she's not jolly or sassy? Not like a jolly, sassy opera singer? Oooo. Catcher or in field? Is she a dress wearer or a pants wearer? Could we share a row boat? Could, could a row boat support her? I think I'm being very clear what I'm asking. Would an average size row boat support her without capsizing? [silence] It bothers me that you're not answering the question. There's nobody I hate enough to write her name on this card. TBD. Phyllis? No guys his name's not Hank, it's ah, is it Edgar? Yeah, neither did I. Once in a lifetime opportunity people! Come on, here we go! Here we go! Let's, yes? Okay... Okay, do it! Go on! Great! Let's hear it! It's drying, it's drying... Alright, hablbelah, come on, Phyl! Has potential to be your best idea yet. [Michael smiles] Guys, do we have to stay all day? Excuse me, people. It has come to my attention, some of you have forgotten, who is in charge here. When Michael is gone... Jim is in charge. When Jim is gone, Andy and I are in charge. When Andy is gone you answer to me. Okay? [Stanley gets up to go] Excuse me where do you think you're going? Oh no, no, no. You're not leaving. No! Stanley, do not walk out that door! If you walk out that door, so help me, I will - [Stanley leaves] He left. Last time I checked, the American workday ends at five pm. You will all stay at your desks until that time. Or, you will suffer the consequences. Phyllis, can you do this? Exactly. A little old-fashioned hazing. Antigravity machines? What do they do exactly? Antigravity... Um... Anti...depressants? I could put you through to someone on that. I was thinking... fireworks for the party. What do you think? Oh, no, no, no, no, no. I just meant I wanted to pay to have fireworks at the party. Because I'm gonna miss Toby. Yep, he's a heck of a guy, and I think we should send him off right. It doesn't matter. Here ya go. [hands her an envelope with money in it] [giddy] Yeah... Phyllis, you look like you're gonna have a heart att*ck. I shredded it. Gosh, I just don't know. Why do you think? [everyone exits the building to find a carnival-themed party in the parking lot] Woah! Cool! A bouncy house! No antigravity machine, huh? Hey Mrs. Vance, we're all out! [on phone, leaving a message] Hi, Jan, it's Michael. I just um, I just want to let you know that I am going to go to your Lamaze class tomorrow. Um, and if there's any details you need to fill me in on, like... what exactly Lamaze is, that would be great. And I... will see you tomorrow morning. [hangs up] I am going to be... kind of a daddy. I lost four pounds. I don't know what those other fools were doing, but I lost four pounds. Angela, you'll go to the supermarket and get the New York cheesecake. Make sure it's the generic one. It's Stanley's favorite. How's it going? Cake? Who suggested cake? [Angela points to Phyllis] [watching baseball game on TV] Some girl came into Pam's room crying about her roommate stealing her soy milk. So I'm in here waiting it out. OK, everybody. Phyllis, did I or did I not say fruit? And what is that? Hello Phyllis. Do you have a minute? Listen. I'm really sorry... about what I said before. Ok? I was way out of line. But you know what, I want to make it up to you. There is a sure f*re sale, but it's a two man job. Interested? Hey! Jim! Um, listen, can I call you back in a little bit? I made friends! Oh my God, what happened? And you b*rned over a thousand calories walking home. And this branch just got a little bit closer to winning the contest. Phyllis Vance, ladies and gentlemen! [claps] Yeah, I took your purse. What are you worried about? [Phyllis storms to her desk, picks up phone and dials] You look great. I can definitely see the difference. Ok Phyllis, thank Dwight first. I like her fingernails. ...what else do people like? Let's start discussing those questionnaires that you filled in this morning. It is wrong to make personal calls during work hours. Now, some of you marked that you very strongly agree. But ideally you would have selected totally agree. In this next section we examine the difference between sick days and personal days. Sick days are only to be used when an illness precludes you form doing your job or can spread to your coworkers. Personal days, on the other hand, are much more flexible. I think she got it as a tip, but I don't know why she didn't just take cash. Hello ladies, how's my shower going? Phyllis, did you get the live storks? Per your instructions, we have the personalized M&Ms with the baby names. This is your boy bowl, with the name "Chevy." And this is the girl bowl, with M&Ms with the name "Astird." It does not matter to me at all whether this baby is biologically mine. I am going to love it. It's like when the dog nurses the tiger cub. Have you seen that video? It is... it's so bizarre and unnatural, but... it, it happens. But Phyllis, it's not his baby. Why do we have to pay money to get a gift for his ex-girlfriend's unborn sperm bank baby? Look at it as if you're paying for the cake, not the baby. Sheet cake. [banging on the glass] Hey, hey. What are you doing? Don't talk to them. J-Money. Or should it be T-Money, for Tuna? Receptionist Money. K-Money. A Kn*fe. You got a better way? About what? Probably get soup or something light. She introduced me to so many things. Pasteurized milk, sheets, monotheism, presents on your birthday, preventative medicine. I was talking to myself. I just don't get it. Why is she marrying Andy? That's really fattening. Get in. I know she loves me, Phyllis. I am sure of it. She practically told me so. Are you sure that's going to work? To recoup their losses, I am planning a little charity auction, where people from all over Scranton can come and bid on our goods and services. I'm calling it crime-aid. It's like farm aid, but instead of farms fighting against A*DS, it is us fighting against our own poverty. Thank you. Okay, I'm gonna have to stop you right there. Was this a sorority that you didn't get into a real sorority so you had to kind of form your own? Okay, this is the moment that you have all been waiting for. Our first item up for bids tonight is something that I consider to be very boss indeed. [cheers and applause] It is a Yoga lesson from Holly Flax! Yoga! And I would like to start the bidding off at 300 dollars. [auctioneer voice] 300 dollars do I hear 300 dollars? 300 dollars. Hey, batter batter batter, hey batter, swing batter, 300 dollars, 300 dollars, 300 dollars. Anybody, 300 dollars. 400 dollars. Who wants for 400-[speaking gibberish] Do I see somebody in the back? Is there somebody in the back? Do I see somebody in the back? 400-450 [speaking gibberish] Sold! For 300 dollars to me! [bangs gavel, which squeaks] What the hell is that? Hey Phyllis, someone let the air out of your tires. Come quick. I had to get your attention. This is an emergency. [the air is let out of one of Phyllis' tires] Listen, she ignored my ultimatum. Now what? Okay, fine. I've moved on. Now how do I get her back? Wait, that's it? That's your advice? I thought you had some kind of big master plan. No. I think they were stolen. I think they were stolen and they're gone forever. So... oh, that was the last good item. So, good job, everybody. [dressed as Carrie Bradshaw] Wow you guys look amazing. Stanley, I thought you hated Halloween. Oh, I'm Carrie Bradshaw from Sex And The City. Thank you. Will you help walk me to the fax machine? Well if somebody who barely out-sells Phyllis, can get in, I should be fine. Pam comes back from New York next week and everyone here has just been so excited for me. And involved. And intrusive. And weird. Have you seen her painting, Jim? The building? There are shadows coming from two different directions. Whoa, you haven't told the misses about the castle? You're in for a spanking my friend. Myself and my lady? - no secrets. Oh thanks, Phyllis. Oh, it's on uh Linden Ave? By the quarry? There he is! Hello, hello! Mm, no... Eh... I will not be the big guy in the tiny hat. [Kevin is wearing the same hat] Hey, Phyllis, do I need this invite to get in to the party? Awesome. I think this is going to be the best Christmas party ever. It's the nativity scene. I am not going to judge Phyllis for desecrating Christmas. There is one person who will though and Phyllis just stuffed him into a drawer. But-- Thank you. An intervention. It's sort of hard to describe, but really its-- it's a coming together... it's a surprise party for people who are-- who have addictions. And you get in their face and you scream at them and you make them feel really badly about themselves. And then they stop. I don't-- You can say it as loudly as you want, but we're not going to believe you. Please stop making me do these things. But it's the season of mercy. I lost it. [Phyllis glares at her until Angela pulls out the hairnet and puts it on] I know. If she wasn't an alcoholic before, she is now. [Jim laughs] NO!!! It's outside. Shut up. I'm not moving the tree. Face it. The only power you have over me is this big secret that I know you're not going to tell. And you want to know how I know that? Because then you won't be able to plan your stupid, tacky parties anymore. So you move the tree. [yelling as he runs past the radar g*n] Aah! There's Andy, he's in his car. You guys, what is he doing? What's happening? Dwight, I am really busy, I can't talk about this anymore. [Dwight follows red cord through office past Phyllis' and Stanley's desks] Oh, well, then, email it to me. Who is the gal in question? That is not the question. [points to smoke] Oh, my God! Uh, Oh my God! Back to our options. Jeez! Ok! settle down everyone. No bunching! The f*re's sh**ting at us! Oh, I don't know. Come on. Anyone else? I could not, because I do not feel it. Okay, everyone. I am going to need you to sign this statement of regret as an acknowledgement that you heard it. Okay? Everyone come on up here. It's not a big deal. During our relaxation exercise? May I have your attention please? Sign in, sign in on the sign in sheet, the clipboard. This meeting is mandatory, if you do not sign in your name will not be counted. Thank you. Oh, that's quite a leap Pam. Phyllis there's a package for you. Whoa! What was that all about. Um Phyllis, who's that? For your information, I have been with lots of beautiful women. Those aren't... themes. There's always a theme. [walks out] God, stop. Stop it. Yeah, thanks. Anything to get out of that office. I honestly don't know how you can work with that jackass, that other jackass, and that new jackass. Wow, that's impressive. Yikes. One time. You love bringing up that one time, don't you? Where were we? Want some meat? Forgot. [backing out of the bloodmobile] I, uh-oh I feel so woozy I just [to Phyllis] Band-A*DS. What exactly is the PPC? I could see our kids facing obstacles being half-Black and half-Indian, but it's so worth it, you guys. I am going to get him to buy me a prime rib tonight. How's it working? The whole office feels darker, you know? It's just a sad dark day. I know. I can't do this! This is pathetic, isn't it? I am such an idiot. I gave up the only job I ever loved to do this? I have egg in my Crocs. Phyllis, are you okay? Are, you okay? I get it. [To Phyllis] You need to see more? Mm-hmm. These sleeves are cutting off my circulation. Not enough blood getting to my hands. I have a long term relationship with Harper Collins publishers and Mr. Schofield. I'm not worried. I guess I could be nicer. Oh, really? Okay? It's going to work very smoothly, because Pam and Ryan are bringing over a ton of clients from Michael Scott Paper Company and-- [laughs] Boscov's at the Steamtown Mall? Well, you have good taste. What? Oh, I, um... He doesn't like it. Get out! We need to do something. I'm thinking maybe a coup or we take Ryan hostage. Where'd you eat? I know times are tough right now, and I laud your thriftiness. [tries to pull phone out of Ryan's hand] Ryan! Who quits? It's frontward's. Right. They wouldn't make it unless people liked it. No. I don't want to stay late to have a two hour lunch. What? ... with coffee but without the haunted. [Michael is holding the stereo speaker up to a vent - blaring "[Gonna Make You Sweat] Everybody Dance Now", spins in chair] Oww! Oh, he's on a call. It's pretty important. He wouldn't want to be disturbed. Can I give him a message before he gets off? I'll let him know. Phyllis? Hey! [starts dancing with Phyllis] Alright. Back. There you are. There you go. Good. Good. Ooh. Show me some attitude. Oh, God! No! No! No! No! No! Oh, wow! What did you do? You didn't do that. You're ok. You're ok. Let's lie down. You want to go down? Alright. Who tipped you over? Was it Phillip? It's her back. We just - We need - Let's - You know what? We're going to take care of you. We're gonna get you help. Let's - come on. What? Oh, just having to much fun. Phyllis, we're going to put you in here. Dwight's going to take care of you. You comfy? Alright? Alright. Relax. Relax, ok? Come on. Relax. The shirt wasn't doing you any favors. If my assessment in correct, you grind your teeth? It's better than I imagined it! This is oil from the gland of an otter. It keeps their fur water resistant, as well as traps heat. Now I need you to lie still for an hour. I'm gonna with the python. No. Please. I find the rattle soothing. It puts me to sleep. What's so funny? Hey! Hey! Jim and Pam! Can you believe this? It's really happening. It's not a sledgehammer! Come on, people! We need to get our heads in the game! Let's focus! Come on, you're better than this! I am better than this! Phyllis, why are you sitting on the ground?! Yes! We advance to the next round! [Pam saves the play and Scranton cheers] Yeah! What happened? Oh! Hey, I hired them! Matchmaker! This place is like Spaniard Fly. Did everybody know about this but me? Well apparently, he and his wife were out dancing at a club for young people. Who? What exactly is my responsibility here? To comfort insecure heterosexual men? That can't possibly fall to me. Well then, what's the one true rumor? Okay. Thank you. How are my sales doin'? Busted. My numbers are down a little bit and it's 'cause of the economy. You're not buying it, you're good. Okay the truth is, I have been having trouble focusing lately. I'm in this weird, flirty, nebulous thing with this cousin of mine and it's a total mind effer. Of your butt, and your butt, and your butt, all of the Scranton branch butts. I can be very suprising. You know, it's a myth that women have to gain more than nine pounds in a pregnancy. Look at these actresses. Some of them lose weight. It's awkward asking people for money, but we could really use it. Why doesn't Crate & Barrel let you register for a toaster full of cash? Oh, good. No, we're not. Again, that gives us no information. Why can't you? My time is just as valuable as yours. There's no way that Stanley gets more beans than me. [starts to take Stanley's beans, Stanley swats Andy's hand with his crossword puzzle] That is ridiculous. This is how it works. [everyone continues to argue] Thank you! That is exactly-- by the way, I would also like a raise. Are we idiots? [gets up, starts walking around] What right does Jim have to claim authority, hmm? Is he as good a salesman as I? Is he as matronly as Phyllis? There are moments where we can affect change. For a few seconds every decade, we exist, and these are those seconds! Let us storm his castle! Come on! Tick-- let's get him. Tock-- let's get Jim! Tick-- and drag Jim out of his office! Tock-- take his keys away from him! Tick-- that's a clock! The time is getting very close! It's now or never! What say you?! Um, nothing. I just... I used to have to do this part alone, and it was the worst. I have something I would like to give you. [leaves office] Michael! [to camera] Michael's my only friend left in the office. Except Pam... I think. Is she still upset? Phyllis, if you could switch to a different soap, just for a month or two? Yours is kind of perfumy. If your hat hits me in the face one more time-- [sighs] Everyone's driving me crazy. I know way too much about Andy's scrotum. [Jim chuckles] And my mom won't stop freaking out about my dad's new girlfriend. [sighs] This is supposed to be our wedding day. Why did we invite all these people? It's, it's a completely different name! Alright, in my defense... Shut up Oscar. Hey, alright, you know what, clearly I'm outnumbered here, but can I just say one thing, please? What is so wrong about me? I'm caring, I'm generous, I'm sensual. Is it really so horrible that I could possibly go out and find happiness. Uh, well, Jim and I got caught in a little flash rain, flash wind, flash lightning. Ok. Put them on speaker. Hey guys, what's going on? Don't you mean 'Koi Story'? The most fundamental thing about sensitivity training is that you cannot make fun of a person for something or some action that they have done that they regret. Show of hands- who has been 'Koi-ponded'? Who here's been the butt of a joke that has gone too far? Phyllis? This sounds ridiculous, I know, but some people say that I eat like a squirrel. Hey. I- I just wanna say that I cannot believe that I walked into a Koi pond. I mean, seriously. Walk much? [everyone starts laughing] Oh. I should wear a snorkel to the next business meeting that I go to. What happened to 'Do Not Mock'? That will inevitably lead to mocking. So... Is this the tape of me falling? Oh, why? Is there a place closer that sells them? Okay. I promise. [Pam starts to walk away] For the record your mom came on to me. [Pam turns around and slaps him; he gasps] I got it, I got it... Oh, Tuna b*at me to it. He lives on Sesame Street, dumbass. I just got an email from corporate, specifically for Accounting to stop all payments to our vendors. Well by now you've figured out that ol' Beatrix Bourbon was the k*ller. Nothing yet. Don't do the twirl. Ok. Obviously I'm not going to do the twirl. I only did it because I nailed the wave. Hey, Phyllis. Are you just getting back from lunch now? Ok. You shouldn't be telling me that stuff and also shouldn't be taking two hour lunches without telling me. That doesn't make you a boss. Well - who? How did you? Who, who told you this? Can't say. There you are. I don't think we have finished with my Inbox. No, Dwight, I meant... Yes, in a perfect world, someone would get money. But- Ok, for the record, I am pregnant and, obviously there has been some kind of a mistake, so why doesn't Jim just pick the next highest score on the list and we'll move on. That would be employee number three, which would be... son of a b*tch, Pam Halpert. Three, two, one! [pulls sheet to reveal Christmas tree] Ah! I begged Dwight and Jim to give me Erin for Secret Santa. And I decided to give Erin the Twelve days of Christmas. Is it my fault that the first eight days is basically thirty birds? [six geese are inside Erin's car] They finally let you do it! It's so edgy! So Santa, what can we expect from this party? What if you've been bad? Hey, Creed, we covered it. Lump of coal! Awesome. I'm trying Phyllis. You're Santa. That's what I want. What would Bob do? Excuse me. Whoever has been sending me the parts to this g*n, I think you sent me a gear instead of a trigger. Not a g*n. [crosses g*n off his "what could it be" list] Hey Phyllis, could you not reveal to Erin that I'm her Secret Santa? Yes! They're the only two gay guys I know. But they should be together. Oh yes. It's space garbage. Dwight's gonna be able to build himself a friend! [sings] Deck the halls with crappy gifts... Amen. [on microphone] No! Hi Santa. I'd like to make a wish. I would like an Xbox, and a TV that's compatible with an Xbox. And, I'm sorry. Scott! What in the hell is going on here? [Bob enters dressed as Santa too] You called Bob? Come on! Phyllis! Okay. You okay baby? No. This is my toast. I think this whole thing with Sabre is going to work out. I have a very good feeling about it. No, this is geological. Are you kidding me? She sent an email, so. "Coworkers, you may have received a Valentine from me. Please understand this does not mean that I like you in any way." Yes, Phyl? Pam, Pam! Okay, alright, okay, it's time. Time to go to the hospital. Somebody get Jim, please! Is it midnight yet? Here we go! I decided to give baby Halpert a newspaper from the day she was born. This frame set me back fifty five bones. But she decided to take her sweet time, so now I have to switch it with today's paper. I think it's going to be any minute now. Phyllis, what could you possibly have to do? Oh, thank you! Ah, yes, the leads. The leads that Sabre has spent $50,000 to get from a market research company... are not here yet. But will be.. [muttering, people rise to leave] No, no, meeting's not over. Hm-hm. Do you not answer e-mails anymore? Because I've e-mailed you four times asking you to come to my desk. Me likey! Hello. May I have everyone's attention, please? Gabe has instructed me to hand out the leads, so I'm going to give the leads to... King Creed! [hands him a lead] And to King Angela! [hands her a lead] Because today we are all kings. And queens [pats Oscar's shoulder]. Oh, how the tables have turned. I see you got my e-mail. I'll give you the leads. But you know what? It's going to cost you some clerical work [hands her a mountain of paperwork] Okay. You know what, let's just go to the dump, start looking - Ryan, c'mon, g*n in my car - Didn't we kind of start it? Yeah. [kicks spool] Stop it, get out! That's my spool. And I'll text Erin. She's really good at this stuff too. Pam texted back saying we could give them all iPods. Alright. Then we're back to cash. And I got to say, if giving a small percentage of our commissions is going to smooth all this over, I'm for it. [surveys the mountains of trash surrounding them] Wow. Amazing, isn't it. No other animal on earth could do this. Maybe beavers. But not like this. Yeah. We wanted to bring you in and make a peace offering. - two percent milk! What I forgot for the coffee. We have an awesome bean bag chair that's perfect for the break room. [reaches out the window and pats it] [Stanley straining and breathing heavily] Oh, wow, that is adorable! Yeah, I'm betting one more. 25. Yeah! Come on, you can do it! So what do you think? Hmmm, I saw a new drink on TV I'd like to try. I'll ask Bob. I would say I kind of have an unfair advantage because I watch reality dating shows like a hawk, and I learn. I absorb information from the strategies of the winners and the losers. Actually, I probably learn more from the losers. This isn't funny. I don't talk like that. [all continue laughing] [gets up and starts to walk to Oscar's desk] Is that the program where all those puppets live in the barrio? I made the most brilliant retaliation video. It's awesome. [looking it] Look at that. She's totally flirting with him. sexuality and pus. Man, I tell ya. Yep. Ooh. Could he still be seeing her? Okay, Pam... she's not invisible so stop asking silly questions. I'm sorry, it... why is it okay for Stanley to cheat or for Phyllis to cheat... Wow. That is crazy. No. We just talked. He's very nice. It did not. Isn't it? Okay. Oh, did you see this report that the zoo got a baby otter? It's on the same site! Absolutely. Anyone who talked to the press, please raise your hand. Ridiculous, Angela. And like I'm going to believe one of his spermed lovers. [quietly] Phyllis, what's this guy's name again? Hey Phyllis, have you seen my bag? No, absolutely. Under this regime, it will not leave this office. [zips his lips] Like that. No. [grabs cell phone off desk] Brrrp! Uh, Spock, are there any signs of life down there? Well, let me check Captain. Eeee. Eeee. Eeee. Eeee. No, Captain. No signs of life down here. Just a wet blanket named Pam. Brr-rrrp. Star Trek. What? No, yeah, I think that's a good idea. What color do you guys think? Phyllis wanted red, I didn't. God, this is so sad. This is the smallest amount of power I've ever seen go to someone's head. Phyllis, can you believe this? Well, people hear a lot of things, man. Um... other starters... Me, of course. I heard it that time. No. Oh, yeah right. It was you. Um, it's kind of private. This is a little character I like to do [places a green turban with a yellow feather on his head], it is, uh, loosely based on Karnack, one of Carson's classic characters. [puts an envelope to his head] Here we go. The PLO, the IRA, and the hot dog stand behind the warehouse. [tears open envelope and pulls out card] "Name three businesses that have a better health care plans than Dunder Mifflin." Here's the problem. There's no open bar because of Jan and it's the reason why comedy clubs have a two drink minimum. It'll be fine, I just...wish people were going to be drunk.[Phyllis catches Dwight trying to sneak into the girls bathroom] No, no, no, no... ...no, no, no, no, it's not what you think. No, why were you in there?! What were you doing in there? We are going to have two men's rooms. Yeah, way to go Phyllis. Nice work, per usual. What? I told them busiest...idiots. Office relationships are never a good idea. Yeah. So let's just try to avoid them. But, um, if you already have one, you should disclose it to HR. No. You said it. He pointed. A point is not a say. Look. Kevin, we are a family here and Phyllis is a valued member of that family. Like a grandmother. I don't know about that. They didn't get to me. I got to them. I am still the same old Michael Scott. New and improved. You know what? I love Phyllis. You know what else? I think she is gorgeous. I think she is incredibly, incredibly attractive person. [to Phyllis] C'mere, c'mere, c'mon! Come on! Come on. Oooh! I'm not worried. So, who will be challenging Kevin in Flonkerton? Anyone? Very nicely done. I think that's H-O-R for Stanley, and H-O for Phyllis. This is not a test! Can you leave?! DO YOU WANT TO DIE? Okay. Phyllis. ...Jim. Definitely, definitely, Jim. Um... Oscar's kind of cute. I'm a three hole punch version of Jim. 'Cause you can have me either way. Plain White Jim, or Three-hole Punch. Yeah, well look... [pulls his hood over his head and pops up his light saber] What about me? I am a Sith Lord. [looks at Jim] Oh big deal. Three round pieces of paper taped to a shirt. This cost me 129 dollars. Alright, let's get this started. I'm gonna be reading the action descriptions, and Phyllis, I would like you to play Catherine Zeta Jones. [reading the screenplay] Inside the FBI, Agent Michael Scarn sits with his feet up on his desk. Catherine Zeta Jones enters. Not now! Ok, what are they? Tom. Then it is a joke because there is nobody in here named Tom. Hey Phyllis, come here for a second. Have you heard anything about any secret office romances? Ok, see you later. Nice job, Bill. Not. Surprise! [laughs] Everybody! Is there anything we're missing? Phyllis, you got the lights? Not great. Oh hey, for me. What is in here? [opens a handmade oven mitt] Oh, come on. The deal is that this is my last hurrah, cause I made a New Year's resolution that I'm not going to drink anymore. During the week. Hey. Good morning, Michael. Yes, Darryl, the sales department makes sales. Good. Let me just explain. I see the sales department as the furnace. How about the anchor? Michael stands in the front of the boat and says that he's king of the world within the first hour, or I give you my next paycheck. Ok, could someone come and get me please, Ryan? Can I have everyone's attention please? Phyllis, Oscar, Ryan, who's supposed to be dead, can I ask you all a question? Do you all know what it's like to be disabled? Oscar? Shuuut it, ok, well, well you know what, disabilities are not things to be laughed at or laughed about. You people are jerks. Imagine if you had left Stevie Wonder on the floor of that bathroom instead of me. [counting cash] Seventy, eighty, one, two three. Eighty-three dollars. Still a lotta money and I'm going to ... [moves money after seeing workmen walk by] ... I'm gonna leave it right over here where everybody can see it. I will be taking Jim's clients today because he is not here and out of sight, out of the contest. Let's see who winds up with the cash, shall we? Great. Phyllis? [disbelieving] Really? I've seen some of your spreadsheets. Stay or... Well... I always dreamed of a house with a terrace upstairs. Plant flowers on it... stuff like that. Since I was a girl. Um... More seriously though, a husband that I love... Roy. And I love to draw. And I... I did a little in college and I'd still love to do something where I could work with art or graphic design in some way. All right. Let's talk about clothing. Sports metaphors are one of the ways women feel left out of the language of the office. Now, I know this might sound silly but a ... many women ask to go over it. So... Fumble means... I'm divorced. I think you should all spend a little more time thinking about your careers and less time on personal stuff. "Happy Valentine's Day darling. Love Bob Vance, Vance Refrigeration." Guess what? Bye. [Jim leaves] Are you going to cry, Jim? Do you need a tissue? Oh! I... uh... yeah. Um... I'll uh show them to you later. [generalized clapping and cheering] Congratulations. Go ahead. Get the wallpaper. Wallpaper the ceiling if you want. Call Terri and tell her she... Let's get the party started. Not the way I taught you! [Michael joins in] Party planning committee, listen up. Michael would like trick candles for his birthday cake, so make that a priority. Do you know what this is? [pushing a photo toward her] How do you know that? It has come to my attention that some people here think that the use of dr*gs is something to laugh about. Yeah, I mean it's inevitable. I definitely overhear some wedding preparation, but I'm fine with it. She hears me arranging my social life. And we both have to hear Dwight order deer urine over the Internet, so it evens out. Yeah? Yes, thanks, Fantastic Sam's. Adult Cut Plus. Comes with a shampoo and blow dry. We're doing I.D. photos today. Gotta represent. Off. Oh! What is on your face? Is that a disguise? Okay, Phyllis. You complained that Angela's giving you dirty looks. And you tried to get off the party planning committee. And... also, Phyllis, Stanley says that you cry too much, and that bugs him. Yeah... Yes, that's the problem. Okay, well... all settled, then. What box?! Okay. No, I mean Afghanistanis with A*DS. What? All-in. Good Luck, honey. Nice, very nice. Oh, man! Yes! Yes, he did, actually. About three weeks ago.[ The Accountants, Webisode 02 - "Phyllis" ] You did? Well, how much was that? We're talking more like $3,000. No. We didn't think it was. Okay. Thank you, Phyllis. What about Phyllis? She makes absolutely no attempt to be feminine! But still, Phyllis, in college? Did you ever experiment with other women? A lot of women do! [laughing] Right! [serious] And I take that as a compliment. Michael, um... Jim and Josh are in meetings all day. And I am in and out of meetings. I can't stay on top of you 24/7. If you do that, you're going to have to put out. What was Dwight thinking? That he could turn Jan against me? She's my ex-lover! ...ish. It'ssosexy. You look so hot. Hey, hi, hello. Everybody, I have some good news, and I have some bad news. I... am being replaced, as your leader, by Dwight. Thank you Michael. I just want to say, to the few of you who will remain under my employ, that I intend to lead you into the black! With ferocity! I have this little vacuum cleaner that's broken. If Dwight doesn't work out, maybe that could be manager. Yes, I am. It's very sad. Because he was my boss. Oohh... can you imagine how much blood there was? If it happened right here, it would reach all the way to reception. Probably get on Pam. Wait a second. That's Weekend at Bernie's. [upset] Do you think that this is a game? [Phyllis embraces Bob ahead in line] Hey, hey, hey! Phyllis, what are you doing? Did you have a lot of sugar today, Michael? I... I said are you ready TO PARTY! Okay. Where are we going? Oh, now all of a sudden you get picky? [looks around, noticing that no one is working] Wha... what's going on here? Yes! [hugs Angela] Cool. Really? Where did you hear that? Awesome. Let's go, Phyllis. Uh, what's that smell? Must be an... air freshener plugged in somewhere. It smells like a funeral home. Oh, you know. Never... .never mind. I... I... I, uh, think I'm just allergic to your perfume. It's just my crazy nose. I'm... uh, used to different smells. Who's Bob Vance? When do people work? How are we going to get home? Michael, it's freezing out. Exactly. Thank you, Jim. Fine! [everybody stops talking] Have your party. Just no guests. Phyllis, I need you to pick up green streamers at lunch. This should've been up yesterday. [refers to party flyer] One part eggnog, three parts sake. Some places won't make it for you though, because eggnog is seasonal. Phyllis? Pam, don't tell her what to do! Phyllis. Darryl! Darryl! Darryl! [Darryl exits break room and passes Phyllis] Hey. Hey, look, when you get done with your... [looks inside conference room] meeting, you should, uh, come to the break room. We're having a party. You've got to be kidding. {Kevin takes bite of brownie] Huh? [puts on jacket] [whispers] The giant baby. Wow, I am so sorry, I had no idea this party would be so lame. Give me it. I am not. What are the ingredients of poi? Well, thank you sir. Ok, now going by seniority. Phyllis, our resident senior. Just bragging rights. Come on!! Bueno. Why are we turning in here, this is a beauty salon? I don't know. Who knows how words are formed. Yeah, thank you. Thanks. That was fun. Thank you. That's nice. Hey guys. How's the workload on all of Dwight's old accounts? Handling it okay? Don't - don't do that. That's not nice. What about you, Phyllis? You and Dwight were close. No. Sorry. Phyllis is getting married. And I am in the wedding party. She has asked me to push her father's wheelchair down the aisle. So, basically, I am co-giving away the bride. Since I pay her salary it is like I'm paying for the wedding. Which I'm happy to do. It's a big day for Phyllis. But it's an even bigger day for me. Employer of the bride. There she is. I swear Phyllis you are as beautiful as the first day you started work at Dunder Mifflin. How you doin'? You excited. Me, too. If you need to vomit, that is ok. I did. Do you want to talk about tonight? You're probably worried about pleasing Bob. A lot of pressure. Phyllis, did you break wind? It's okay, if you did. It's a very natural reaction. It's your wedding. And you're nervous... Okay... umm... I'm sure that Bob... Wow. That is... that is pungent. I lost my train of thought. Aaah... Are you set on that hairstyle? Here, let me... Just cover up that bald patch. And do you, Phyllis, take Bob Vance, Vance Refrigeration, to be your lawfully wedded husband? Congratulations, Phyllis. You look lovely. Your dress is very white. So white, my eyes are burning. Best of luck, Phyllis. Also I'm going to need to see a copy of the guest manifest as well as photographs of the caterers. Phyllis! Are you happy with everything? What can I do to make it more perfecter? I'm already on it. The chicken? Totally undercooked. I sent it back. Phyllis. Phyllis! Wait! Please. I'm sorry. I just... I just wanted to make this a day to remember. Yeah. Yeah. He's kind of a weirdo. Uh, [reading the inside of his jacket] MISSterious. And it is mysterious because the buttons are on the wrong side... that's the mystery. Okay. So you and Bob are looking at a historical house? Mm, how many bedrooms? [on phone] Absolutely. I couldn't be more sorry about this. [door opens] Hey, Phyllis. You all right? What? Really? [to Phyllis] Can you tell us what happened? I don't often miss Roy. But I can tell you one thing. I wish someone had flashed me when I was with Roy. Because that would have been the ass-kicking of the year. [small laugh] Especially if it had been Jim. He would not have wanted me to have seen Jim's... Whoo, I am... I am saying a lot of things. That - it's the same thing. Yes. What, um... what do you think of role-play? OK. Jan is smart. Uh, successful. Good clothes. Hot. Perfect skin. Nice butt. She's totally flat. Shrunken chesticles. That sounds good too. I don't know who's right. I just don't - I don't know. I don't know. I wanna break up with Jan. Wow. I wanna break up with Jan. Phyllis. What do you think? Too much? Guys, guys, guys. Come on! Pleeeeease... Let's just... OK, it's very important that you all try to eat as many hot dogs as you can. On your mark. Get set. Eat! Defcon twenty. She wants to get back together. Very good. Karen. She looks corporate. Those little pants suits. Do you really think he's qualified for that job?