59[Elevator opens on Andy, who starts lip dub to the Isley Brothers' 'Nobody But Me', joined by the rest of the Office] You make it so hard to love you sometimes. Dwight! [Dwight pulls out a hunting Kn*fe and jumps off desk] Oh sure, those are the expense reports that corporate was waiting for yesterday. That was awesome! Yes I did. And I'm going to do the same with all of your clients. I was telling that... I was telling that. A gentleman who is a rich snob who will go into shopping malls and drop huge amounts of cash on clothes. Oh, hey guys. Your show was really great, Andy. Excuse me everyone, can I have your attention please? What do you mean again? Maybe like a year ago... Oh! When you got your new phone, that's when you asked for everyone's attention. You know who we always lose out to? Staples, the big guys. Osprey? They're a small company. They're smaller than we are. What's our excuse? How do we combat this guy? Stanley, how do we combat him? Okay. You know what? You clearly don't care, so why don't you just leave? Why don't you go outside and...take a sh*t of insulin and have a nap, okay? Uh... He doesn't need to sit, he's a traveling salesman. Look, I am not going to exclude good people from our staff simply because they are threatening to you. And unless you have a better argument than that, I suggest you leave. Stanley just drank OJ out of my mug, and didn't seem to realize that it wasn't his hot coffee. So the question has to be asked, is there no limit to what he won't notice? [sitting at Phyllis' desk, dressed like Phyllis; high pitched voice] Satchel! [shirtless, wearing only a tie] Handbag. Yay! [applause] [standing next to a pony] So long, Stanley! Sookehhh. [removes teeth] Bill Compton, from True Blood. Could you for once just let us enjoy a party instead of making it about all your issues? Thank you. You too. [chuckling] Who takes a kid to Mexico? [pointing to group of young adults laughing] Look at that. Look at that. That's fun. We need to do stuff together outside of work. Let's go help Africa. Let's go build an airport. We'll start small. We'll have a car wash. We'll send some cheerleaders to regionals. Dwight! Sign please. I don't have time for parties I don't have time for TV shows. Stanley! What time is that thing I have to do? Excuse me, everyone... SEX! Now that I have your attention... MONEY! Good! Now, a lot of you have already staked out your corner of the WUPHF empire. Raise your hand if I'm describing you. [Michael, Pam, Daryl, and Stanley raise their hands] A lot of these guys are just Mac.com, @ their website, whatever. We get that guy WUPHFing, it's all over. Sell. I'm betting on myself. What is wrong with you? What happened to you in High School? There was a time when the only people who texted you were people you wanted to text you. Girls. And they'd all say the same thing. "I'm coming over baby." And I would text back "BTB", bring that booty. Umm, Stanley. Maybe you could just unspool a little more each time you need to... I disagree with. Michael! An antacid pill that you take once every six weeks. Wow, so this building can get uglier. Well, this building isn't far, and its much newer. There's a dry cleaner, nail place and a gym. Oh, and it's next-door to and Outback so it always smells like steak. So Stanley, how big is the bug up your butt today? Oh, don't be such a baby. Didn't think your affectionate nicknames would be your undoing, did you, Jim? Let that be a lesson to you all. No, they bring it in. You lucky son of a b*tch. Right. Okay? Great. They're not worms, Dwight, okay? They're just people with tiny businesses. They're baby whales which is even cuter. Hey... [whispers] I'm clicking! I am clicking. Yeah, and it's not just the kissing. It's the flirtatious whispering. Yes, but Reception is a one person department. If I get you a new computer I have to get one for everyone in sales. For Dwight, for Stanley, it would be crazy. No. I do a lot of portion control. I try to keep my daily calor intake under 1200. [laughter] Thank you. That's my stuff. Yeah. Michael, take a look at this. I need a wide berth. I need a wide berth from those nuts. [next house] Congratulations! [to Stanley, who is cracking up again] You were laughing right? For birthdays! Stanley, you love your Sudoku and your puzzles, I bestow upon you, my felt. [gives Stanley a small felt table] May you never lose the fun loving quality in life. Wow. Just do your best! I have faith in you. [standing in front of his office, sees that it is three forty five] Okay, everybody come on. Conference room five seconds! Let's go! Hurry up, let's do this! [Dwight runs into the conference room. All others follow] What is this meeting about? [cutting her off] Well power through the arthritis Phyllis you can do it! Umm, hmm? [inputting numbers into the copier and holding up the line] One... [enters with a cowboy hat, speaking with a Western accent] Yee-haw! Whoo-hoo! [imitates g*n] Howdy, partners! It's me, g*n-Safety Dwight! And I'm the rootin'-est-- [removes hat] I can't do this. Um, look. Obviously, a g*n went off under my watch, and I'm launching a full investigation. We are the Search Committee, hand-picked by our CEO, and tasked to find this branch's new manager. Not everyone we meet will be good, but someone's bound to be, right? [Andy, Kelly, and Darryl are each dressed up in suits for their interviews, Andy is also wearing an "Andy for Manager?" pin on his jacket] And, to be honest, I think a lot of the decent candidates are right here in-house, so, I'm not too worried. But I'm really excited to spend a lot of time with Toby and Gabe. [quietly] Did you know that Gabe's last name was Lewis? I had no idea. Well... [in mock seriousness] Oh no, Stanley... you'll live forever... [loudly] Stanley, I won't be able to invite everyone to the wedding, because we want to keep it to 350. Yeah, I wanted the manager job, but I got somethin' much better. This soda. This is mine. It might be easier if you take a deep breath, lift from the knees, and shove it up your butt. It's just a list of our names, split into two columns. We couldn't cr*ck it. Stanley, you do puzzles all day. Whatdo we got? Okay. You guys ever had Margarita pizza? Fresh tomato with a dollop of mozzarella cheese. Hey guys. So Columbus Day, we got that half-day on Friday. You're really going to want the booster. OF course not. There's no magic button. You have to summon that. There's lots of stuff. John Irving, collected works, Twenty-two points. Or, you can pool your points and redeem fifty-five for this maternity shirt. Really? Because I sat next to Stanley for years....and this is nap time. Open eye nap time. He balances the phone on his shoulder and just powers down. Now look at him. We should think about this...does anyone have any better ideas? I'm glad you asked – Connecticut Casual. [claps] Chef from South Park, it's genius! Yeah it seems like there isn't a narrative. [on screen a man gets into a car] Maybe the filmmaker realized that even narrative is comforting. I think we've seen enough. You can turn it off now. [everyone murmurs agreement] Yeah turn it off now. I know who I want to take me home. I know who I want to take me home. [Pulls towel through legs] I know who I want to take me home. [Spins Meredith in chair] Take me hooo...hooome! You know what fine! I try to start fun traditions for you guys, but if you don't want to sing... no traditions! [singing] Closing time every new beginning... I've never heard that song before. And once I heard it, I did not care for it, but that song means it's time to go home. Now...it's my favorite song.Andy/ [singing] Every new beginning comes from some other beginnings end. Alright everybody, looks like we need to be getting to work. Be extra careful. Double check everything or the accountability booster will getcha. I haven't even considered it. That's how sure I am that this accountability booster is going to work. Gahhh. That's five strikes. I made a mistake. I'm sorry. That was bad. The situation you described, returning home to a wife complaining about her paper being too masculine, is not one I'm familiar with. No. Interesting. So what is Dunder Mifflin's oatmeal cookie? What is the product that no one wants? Who's excited to get their holiday wishes? What's that, Stanley? It is important to be mindful of all belief systems at our holiday party. I got Stanley tickets to see Lewis Black for his birthday. ...Might not have been the best idea. [imitating Stanley] I want.. my sugar free cookie, and then I want a sugar cookie. [group laughs] and then I want my nap! Backups. [Jim goes to join the backups] Let's reverse engineer this. You're a black singer. Where do you go? Somewhere where you're a novelty. Alaska? My cousins were actually at those Olympics. Well, I know Elizabeth Taylor's sixth man was Richard Burton. Is that helpful? Jim, come on! That's so juvenile! What the- [opens drawer full of meatballs] Ugh. I know. [Dwight finds stapler in giant meatball] Really Jim? Really? Very funny. Thirty-two meatballs. That idiot's been feeding us for a week. Hey, Stanley. Um, what happened to my pants? How could it be boring? You were there for five days. Titillate us. Uh, excuse me, can I have everyone's attention for a second? First off, I just want to say that I'm really sorry, I didn't know that my absence last week would have been a burden on any of you, because, though I did have jury duty last week, they did dismiss me early on Monday. And I think you're going to find this pretty hilarious. I kind of, uh, well, maybe took the week off. [laughs] You're screwed! Oh, it's happening. It's really happening. Hi, all right. I'm just going to go down to the car and I'm going to put her in her seat and I'll be right back up. Yeah. Yeah, I mean I could have used another week, or three. Hell yeah. Well uh...well the deliberations were confidential so...I feel like we should respect that. Wha- Yeah, wow. It's almost like we're not all experiencing the same winter? Let's go, step it up you runts. You infants, let's move. How many of you have seen the documentary Deliverance? Stanley, wake up, it's pretzel day! [Dwight pinches Stanley's nose and covers his mouth] That's a good one. [a red sports car drives up] Whoa, Stanley! Did you just come back from burning down a rival nightclub? Yes. Loggins and Messina. Andy, pick up the phone! Fantastic. Stanley drives so fast. Wow. Are you that bored? Is that another motto? Mmm. Oh, I don't know. "You're too slow, you're too small, Seabiscuit is a stupid name." You guys sound just like the enemies of Seabiscuit. I'm going to do it. Stanley, are you listening to music? Aloha, aloha, aloha. So I hear you're all looking to bake up some dough in the sales game. Well, back when I was regular Amos- Cathy? It's been great. Fun, normal. [in voiceover] I thought I was gonna be hanging out with stanley on this trip, but he's turned out to be kind of a loose cannon. Yup, coming. [opens door] All right. We have plenty. Do you want to watch the game with us? We're watching a game. The Heat game. Just a game. No, no, no, Stanley. Stanley. Stanley. Have you seen Erin? Yes... my pretty hardest. Look, you haven't dealt with him in awhile, all right. He's like super Dwight. It's like he's been bitten by a radioactive Dwight, or som- Stanley, back me up. [to Stanley] Hey! Good to have you back. Mm-hm. I'm a magical fairy who floated into your office to bring a little bit of magic into your lives, to give you all raises. oh! Ay, carumba! The natives are getting restless! Oh... Stanley? Hey jabroni. Show some class. Sorry, man, I can't focus on zingers. There's too many potential clients. From total loss to total boss, I mean- Hey, uh, does anybody know where we throw these out? Just three single guys. Getting into trouble. Once again, I understand that old habits die hard, but if everyone would kindly walk their refuse to the trash bins instead of tossing them, then we would—[h*t in the face with trash] There's four thousand dollars to give away. So, who has filled out their form? Stanley? You think that Andy's family owned slaves? I was helping Nellie drive—[Stanley interrupts] Nothing! Nothing is going on. Keep moving please. I was just asking a question, Toby. How are you not m*rder every hour? Roll into the future with Work Bus. Say goodbye to wasteful buildings. These days a mobile office isn't just for hotshot politicians. Now anyone can rent a work bus. [Meredith and Kevin bump chairs in bus angrily] If you've got a parking lot, a work space is just a phone call away. [Erin tapes candy dish to pole] In this age of belt tightening and less empowered workers, a work bus is how tomorrow gets things done. [On phone] No six after the eight, no.... Shh! Stretch. Alright. I, my legs cramp up! Ok, it's a circulation issue. As would I. What are you talking about? You're not the boss. Andy is. Andy?Phyllis, Kevin & I wish I could just wave a magic wand and make you a parentless five year old again. I would snap you up. Please? Just make sure he's OK? [Jim climbs through hatch] Yah! ah. Okay. Ha ha ha ha. But you have no idea how lucky you are because HCT is doing a set at our halloween party. Thank you. Oh, great. Because we're friends. Unfair. When's my birthday? How about this-- You let me take you to lunch, and I make my case? You know, truth be told, I think all you'll really be doing is accepting calls from my clients while I'm gone. Morning, folks. Actually, the surf and turf does come with lob-- Listen, I was really wondering if maybe we could lock this down before lunch is over. Still decorative. Phyllis!  Wow. We're gonna cover for you, ya know. Phyllis, what was that?Phyllis are you dreaming, or-- This is hilarious, but we're gonna stop with all-- Shuckin' the peas.  You should go back to the first part, though. You are  gonna  cover for me? No. [In Kitchen] We're thinking of collaborating with Mike Schmidt on some of his charity work. I--I could--I could talk about it. What? It's a Pennsylvania Dutch specialty. Hog maw. That's a beauty, isn't it? I don't even want to tell you what it's made of until after you try it. [Continues reading] "His partner, zwarte piet, or black Peter, a sl*ve boy, often portrayed in colorful pantaloons and blackface." Oh, no no no no no. I have not yet g*n to shame. No! Stanley! If you leave now then you'll get it in your car and then you'll get it in your house! [Erin jumps on Stanley's back] I'm trying to save you from yourself! Oh sure, and when you're ready to get serious, come to me to get it done right. [Dwight holds up a pair of scissors] Yes, as a matter of fact, I uh... [pulls booklets from his bag] I wrote some down. There you go. [passes out booklets] Wow, this guy came prepared, it impresses me! [group laughs] 00 P.M. looks like around here! Oh, enough with the whining already! Why don't you just have some more coffee? Yeah! Yes. I mean, it is everything. Let's all ask ourselves, have we been faithful in our relationships? Oh, you think they're my only friends? I've got way more friends than that, and they're all better than the losers who work here.[all murmuring] I don't want to sit near any of those people for the next 20 years. Someone say something. Or the mini mall. They have all these Valentine Day deals. You can get 20% off if you come in with your husband or your [to Nellie] boyfriend. But, I mean, if you don't have one of those you can probably just bring whoever it is you use to k*ll your loneliness. He sounds like a wounded animal. I can't be around sad people, it makes me sad. Oh my god. See? I watch way too many ads online and I don't do enough situps. So I bought these. Now, every time an ad pops up online, I get 30 seconds of ab blasting. I call it Ads for Abs. Ironically, I learned about the boots from an ad online. No? Wow. I'm in this mode now where I'm apologizing for thoughts that are in my head. [Clark fake laughs] Hey. I have a crazy feeling [hands Clark a cupcake] that you are really gonna like this. Yeah? Well, count yourself lucky, Phyllis. I got the toilet. Weird to see how we used to look in those promos. Some of us have changed so much. I think we need to figure out what's going on. I might just take a little walk. Yeah, I guess I could. I thought Terry knew about Cynthia? You would be a great one to buy an auger with.  Come on! Come on, Stanley! Stay in it! Our office has an unusually large number of... unusually large people. I think we should. No, I think they mean more like a politician. Well, I did say it would be an inconvenience. You should have called me from downstairs. We could've met in the lobby. It's time to go out on a sale! Here we go. The buyer is your sister's friend. This is the printing paper for the entire school district of Lackawanna. You are coming, and that's an order. Stanley, one way or another, you are gonna come with me to make this sale. Don't worry, it's just a bull tranquilizer. Nothing to be alarmed about. It's just a man pointing a bull tranquilizer at a coworker. Holy [bleep]. [fires tranquilizer g*n twice] Okay, Stanley? Do you understand what we're about to do? Okay. We, hey—hey, listen, listen. We are going to go discuss paper contracts for city of Lackawanna public schools, okay? It's a long drive. He was in the backseat. But right now we're talking to Mrs. Davis about the full range of the products that we offer and our competitive rates, right, Stanley? Stanley. That's Benji in the middle. Like this? Watch. Like that. Well, of course not, because that would be insane if it did. Still getting a bargain, though. You earned yourself a nice, fat commission and you didn't even know it. I'll go tell Andy the good news. Oh. [chuckles] Silly me. Gotta take the stairs. Well—no, no—n— Yeah. Oh yes I did, I told you all. It was..um, cause that's an awful lot of money for me to forget. [hugs Darryl] I'm gonna miss you too. Mmm! Oh, good lord. Who knows? Maybe Andy will make it. He's not terrible. No, he's good. I'd better come out of this smelling like a rose. I've been on my best behavior for nine years. If it wasn't for the cameras, I would've done some truly vulgar crap. Uh... yeah. Depending on traffic. [holding Phillip] Listen, listen. Shh, buddy. Stanley's sleeping. You don't want to wake up the grumpy old walrus, do you? Yeah, I'm not ready for this. Yes! Whoo, whoo, whoo! Right. How's Florida? Oh, great. Doesn't seem like anyone cares about us anyway. [dancing with Stanley] I missed you. Oh, that's for PBS executives only. Okay. Yes! Whoo, whoo, whoo! Right. How's Florida? Oh, great. Doesn't seem like anyone cares about us anyway. [dancing with Stanley] I missed you. Oh, that's for PBS executives only. Okay. It happened this morning in the parking lot. I took her to the hospital, and the doctors tried to save her life. They did the best that they could... And she is going to be OK. Yaaaaaay, Pam! Alright, since I am the boss I will drive as well. Who wants g*n? Yeah. Thank you for the permission. Psych! Alright let's just go around the room, and tell me what you believe in. A woman shouldn't have to be h*t by a car, to learn that she may have rabies. But that is where we are in America. And that does not sit right with me. And that is why I'm hosting a fun run race for the cure for rabies. To raise awareness of the fact that there is a cure for rabies. A disease that has largely been eradicated in the US. But not very many people know that. Hi Stanley, how many sponsors so far? I am fast! I'm very fast! I'm like Forrest Gump, except I am not an idiot. [Creed, Stanley, and Oscar get into a cab] Thanks. More or less. Wait, uh, how do you touch just one of these buttons at a time? Did you even try? I can't see half of the things. [adjusts glasses] OK. We're gonna split up into teams. Jim, Phyllis. Stanley, Dwight. Me Andy. I'll go with you Stanley. No. It doesn't. I'll find out tonight. Stanley, you're dancing! Ohhh, what? Oh I think I faked Oscar out. Good news. No, you don't even know what stupid is. It's about to get all stupid up in here. Stanley, could you look up "accomplices"? Because we're looking up jail time. ...Stanley? [Spanish accent] Senor, are you happy with your--- [speaking with a different voice] Have you--- Have you considered satellite television? Michael, I know that's you. I know your voice. Why are you calling me here at home? [Michael hands up] Well it sounds right, but is it? Ryan used me an object. He's always been terrible with money. I totally agree with you. But I don't have money problems, I don't. Alright, you know what? Watch this, if I had money problems, would I do this? [Michael holds up a bill, crumples it up, puts it back in his pocket]Oscar and Now this gentleman right here is the key to our urban vibe. Well, sometimes. Most of the time I will be with Ryan, or Darryl. [knock on the door] Yes? Oh good, good Stanley! First victim, this is what I want you to do. Go out, come back in. We're going to hide. I want you to tell me if this looks like me, okay? Just go out, and come back in. Okay, smarty pants, then why? Why is she trying to take Stanley from us? How can I get you to stay? Yeah we all want money. But there is none in the budget, so... Tell me why you're really leaving. Mo money mo problems, Stanley. You of all people should know that. Let me ask you this, if I were- So, Stanley, are you really outta here? middle aged black man with sass. Big butt, bigger heart. [knock on the door] I can't do this. Of course. Really? Yeah, I work hard all day. I like knowing that there's going to be a break. Most days I just sit and wait for the break. Why don't you just have an apple? Oh you can't because I don't care. Listen, [Kevin and Andy high five as they leave Michael's office] don't forget to fill out those cards. My love cards. This is a temporary measure to increase the legitimacy of the site. I hear you Stanley, that is a great observation. Problems like that will not happen when we launch Dunder Mifflin Infinity 2 point O. Nice job everybody. Great work. You can't, I locked the office from the inside when we left. An urban, yeah, Stanley? You wanna help us out with that?... Stanley, earth to Stanley... Yes you. Come on, Stanley, put your little game down and join the group. Stanley, we're havin a little... We're havin a little brainstorm session... Yeah. All right! I, uh, see that you... gave me that form that I asked you to give me, Stanley the manly, so thank you for that. I guess we are back to normal. Well, you know, uh, the thing that you said earlier, that you didn't mean, um, and that I forgive you for. The whole thing's silly, isn't it? Friends don't need to apologize to friends as far as I'm concerned, so we are cool. I am not going to apologize to you. Stanley Hudson, you are fired. I am serious, we are all serious. You are fired like a heart att*ck. Hmm. Alright alright, okay, you know what? Now you know how I feel. This was a fake f*ring. Lesson learned. Good work, everybody. Very nice. That's it. And uh... do you have anything to say to me? Okay... Yes. That's not- All right, all right... Okay. [starts to cry] I don't understand why you keep picking on me. You just, do, and I don't know why, so... please help me understand. Well Stanley, maybe you're feeling that you don't respect me because you don't know me very well. All right, you don't respect me. I accept that. But listen to me, you can't talk to me that way in this office, you just can't. I am your boss. Can't allow it. So I'm thinking, as a reward for our loyal clients, that we contact their assistants, and we find out where they live. And then, we go to their houses, in the middle of the summer, and go caroling. It is a summer Christmas sale-abration. And we call it, a summer sales-a-lot. Feedback? Anybody? Stanley? Hey, Stanley... Good luck. Ten dollars. What should we do with all these leftovers? I can bring these to my shelter. OK. [holds elevator] Stanley, come on. Oh, I forgot something in my car. I'll see you guys up there. [takes the stairs after the elevator doors close] I was on an IV for two days at the hospital. Stanley, Michael's not here. You can eat a slice of your birthday cake. Why not, dawg? Nonono, no, no, I don't want to hear moaning. This is a good day. You guys accomplished something big. You lost a ton of weight, literally. A lot of weight. And I don't care what any stupid scale says. You guys are all gigantic losers. Yes, it's called time theft, and it's the same as taking money from the company. Can anyone think of examples of things that are over the line time wasters? Ok, everybody listen up. If you are not in that conference room in two minutes I am going to k*ll you. I don't care what she's doing. I just hope she keeps doing it. Of course. Yeah. Ugh. All right, all right, all right, all right, all right! Here we go. All right, big ticket item. [cheering] All right, in my pocket, I have... two tickets... to Mr. Bruce Springsteen, front... Oh, where are those? Has anyone seen an envelope with Bruce Springsteen front row tickets and backstage passes? Anybody seen something like-lying around? [outside men's room] You might be interested- [stops when he sees Stanley come out] On more week. [chuckles] Dwight, stop it. Come on. Okay. Okay, good suggestions. All good suggestions. Uh, let's just decide and agree upon one. Oh, well, chivalry is not dead after all. Okay... This is so, so stupid. And, God... [looks at his watch] that's my phone. [groans in frustration] You think it's easy? Really? If I can skin a mule deer in less than ten minutes, I ought to be able to cut my -- [sets briefcase on desk and sits in chair, desk and chair are made of paper, Dwight crashes to the floor] I'm sorry. It's the largest one I have. Okay you know, this-- this is over. That's a halwa shabkia cookie. They serve it during Ramadan. [Angela spits her cookie out] I want another try. Here we go! [Michael runs past the radar as a car passes] Thirty-one! Thirty-one! Oh my God! Dwight, get out of here! You've got no taste Stanley Hudson. What are you guys talking about? The debate is whether she is hot. Yeah, save your heart for love, and use your brain for business, right? If we don't do this to prince paper, someone else will. Worse yet, someone else will do it to us. Oh! I forgot my purse. [throws the projector out the window] Help!! Help!! Shhh! Don't excite him. Don't make him excitable. [whispering] Welcome back, Stanley. Thank you, Michael. It's true. Around this office, in the past, I have been a little abrupt with people... [flashback] Not maybe. Yes or no. [flashback] No way. Uh-uh. [flashback] Are you from another planet? [flashback] Boy, have you lost your mind? 'Cause I'll help you find it. [flashback] Did I stutter? [flashback] I'm done. Goodbye. [in a British accent] A throne for your highness. No, no, no. No debate. You are going to sit in that wheelchair until you are back on your feet. You know who I really think should go? Stanley. No rest for the sick. We are not always going to be there to coddle your heart back when it disappears to be working. What are you gonna do if you're by yourself and your heart stops? And you're okay with that? Uh-uh. No, no, no. Come on. Get up. Let's do this. We search for the organs. Where's the heart? The precious heart. Oh my God! [Dwight has cut the face off the CPR dummy and put it over his own] Clarice? Too expensive. Racism is dead Stanley, you can have any kind of ice cream you want. What do you want? [beeping starts] What is that? People! Please I told you to get rid of the cell phones. Oh, ok. What is that, like, a video game? You have stress? No no, I'll help you. I'll help you up. Here we go. Let me getcha. Ok, alright. Ok. [beeping slows down] Oh, this is a nice office. Brought you guys some coffees. Stanley, I know you have adult onset diabetes. So I put Splenda in yours. Let's see. How many did I put in there? [starts singing to the tune of Feist's 1234] One, Two, Three, Four Splenda's in your coffee, Stanley. None in yours, Julia, cause I don't know how you take it. But if you'd rather... Well, No, I actually only put in two. But that's not how the songs goes. Are you out of your damn mind? You bring an angel like that into this office, and you don't even set me up with her. We are friends. Stanley, we're friends. And you let me down. Yeah. I really like her with all my heart. Old hatreds dissolve into new friendships. It's a really wonderful moment. You've been making that sign, for something that we could just announce to the whole office? Hey everybody, the party's now at 3! No, watching TV at work is really cool. Four months ago, I dated a woman named Holly and, um, this is actually the first time that I've even considered getting back into that arena again. You know what, sometimes it's not about whether Cinderella gets her slipper back, but it's about the fact that the prince even picked up the slipper at all. There's a lot of princesses out there. You know, they have all different sizes and shapes of feet and hands so I think, I think my odds are pretty good. Of course. [noticing Stanley's arm] That's weird. You got a cotton ball and tape and we've been using Band-A*DS. OK, don't get that. Please? [Pam gets up to answer her phone] But the goal is to, you know, fight our way through this. Is that we are cutting three percent across the board, which means we will no longer be matching 401k contributions. All overtime requests will need to come through the corporate office. I looked at Wallace and I said "I quit!" and as I turned to leave I looked back and I said "You have no idea how high I can fly." [slightly drunk] What am I gonna do? I'll tell ya what I'm gonna do. I gonna do a little bit of this, a little bit of that. I gonna stay up all day. Gonna sleep it up all night. I'm gonna give it a OHH! HEY! HO! And I'm going to stop worrying about calories. [from inside the restroom] Stanley? Listen, Listen, Stanley. You don't have to answer me now. Just... I want you to think about it, I'm starting my own company. Oh-okay, you're not letting me finish, and you just lost out on a million dollars. Also, there has been too much wasted time. So Stanley. [running to the phone] Just... don't answer that call! I never see him drink. I never see him eat. I know. Yes I do. Oh yeah? Oh hey! Stanley, Phyllis. Come on in. Welcome, welcome. Let me give you the tour. Thank you. You remember Ryan [Stanley laughs deeply] And Pam is around here somewhere. What for? If you'd like to reach an outside line, please dial nine first. [Michael sighs, hangs up phone] In the last month we have lost ten major clients to Michael Scott. Wait, what? Fresh hot ink. Trust me, Stanley, you're going to want to read this memo very carefully. Stanley, how do you feel about those two taking your clients? I had a salmon salad. With water, no ice. I was going to get a soda, but the waiter talked me out of it. Her name was Flo, she had black hair. Stop flustering me, everybody! Me. I love it. I love this idea, and I fully support you. As a matter of fact, I'm going to give you some seed money. [throws money at Phyllis] There you go. There's some seed money for you. And you can take it, no hard feelings. But if you stay, I want an apology, and I want a big one. Michael, you thought you were attacking corporate, but we were the ones who got hurt. You should be apologizing to us. So from the bottom of my heart to the top of my heart, I am sorry. If we could just focus and go down the line, and everyone would say, "apology accepted", I think we would all feel better. And then we can break out my gift to you--complimentary white chocolate bark. Okay. If I give you your clients back there won't be enough clients for Ryan and Pam, and I promised both of them they were gonna be salespeople. Ok. Phyllis did injure herself. But she injured herself having fun and I don't think she would trade that memory for anything. [Phyllis can be heard screaming in the backgroud] Oh, Lord in heaven. Yes! [opening blinds as Stanley walks past] Hey, Stanley! Where you goin', big guy? Up to no good? No, no, no, no. I just had a quick question for you. I'm casting a movie and I'm looking for a woman who can dance, beautiful woman. Do you know anybody? [in parking lot, blocking path of Stanley's car] Stop. Hold up, hold up, hold up! No, no, no. Time to stop being polite and get real. [Stanley honks horn repeatedly] Stanley, are you having an affair? So It's not true. Okay, well... ahhh, those interns, they told me they saw you at a club, and they all said it was you, it was clearly just... racial profiling gossip. [nodding] So stupid! I know, I know. Oh, I bet. Wait, hold, hold, hold... so it IS true? Oh my God! Wait a second, do people often say they're going on sales calls and then go someplace else? 'Cause that's not cool. [muttering] I'm not saying... a damn thing. [looking afraid] You can count on me. Michael, why? Why say all these things? Why make up an eating disorder, Stanley's affair, me being a spokesdog... You got it. Everybody, David Wallace and I have talked and we have decided to promote Jim to the position of co-manager. Mmm, sure, but could I first talk to you in my office? Stanley? What are you talking about Michael? When Mary was denied a room at the inn... Jesus was born. When Michael was denied a room at the inn, we don't know what happens because that story hasn't been told yet. Hey. Stanley? Can I stay in your room tonight? Not in the same bed. In the other bed. You... are... kidding me. [stands up and walks away] I already have my European girlfriend. Whoa, whoa. Wait a minute. What is the etiquette on taking the gifts? Can you only take your own back or is it a whatever you can carry type of thing? Oh, oh, does it have slots for hot dogs? Yeah, yeah, yeah-okay... you're a jackass. [to Pam] Hey, hey, you know what? You're just as stubborn as your mother, when you don't wanna do something you just don't do it. Ok. Thank you. [whispers to Erin] I'm gonna k*ll you. Thank you, Stanley. Good morning everybody. Who would like an authentic New York bagel? Hmmm? Stanley? No, no, that doesn't make any sense. August the 5th, 1955. It's a sad day down here in Savannah. Local magnate Bill Bourbon was k*lled last night and all y'all have congregated tonight for a meal to celebrate Bill as he passes on to his great reward. You're not just here to pay your respects, you have to figure out which of y'all is the no-count scoundrel who k*lled him. There will be food. You leave, you do not get food. Sandwich platters. Conference room everyone. No. Recyclops destroys! [starts tearing through the office] Yes. I care about them and I'm just as much of a boss as Michael. [Stanley laughs] What's so funny? I'm a co-manager. Ryan. What's "Scott's Tots?" Has it really been ten years? Like the spirit of Christmas! What else does it look like? Well I don't have all the pieces yet. Ho ho ho! For Stanley! Ho ho ho! You've been very good this year - It's not... Nevermind. Nothing. [arguing voices] Hello, Stanley.Fake You know what can't fit in a bottle, are the 20 little trips I take to the cooler, and the 20 little scans I do of everybody to make sure everything's running smoothly. And the 20 little conversations that I have with Stanley. Yes! Can anyone do those? [entering the elevator] Here we go! Here we go! On our way! I am offering up my services to you all. You saw what I did with Pam and Jim. I can help you, too. Hey! [speaking at a staff meeting] First up, the lost and found has gone missing. It itself is lost, so please, try not to lose anything until we find it. Ah, pet day. If you don't have a pet, please don't feel like - Alright! Alright. Then I guess I should give them out. Hold on. You know what I'm thinking? I'm thinking that I have something that you want. You guys are acting like you own this place. And you don't. Not even Sabre owns this place. It's a rental. I'm kind of sick of the attitude around here. I'm sick of the cocky walk, I am sick of you throwing your paycheck in my face, I am sick of your uppity attitude, Jim... I think I am not going to give these to you. [Angela, Kevin and Oscar applaud] - and to King Meredith! [hands her a lead] It's my - Why? Because I am not going to call Sabre and say, 'Hi, you know those very valuable expensive leads that you gave us earlier today? Well, because of a screw-up by a staff member, they're now in the city dump." She's wearing a onesie [holds out his cell phone, Oscar leans in but Kelly grabs his arm] I guess we could give them some of our new commissions. Yes! We do. [opens box] Eclairs. Our treats, Stanley, they've accepted our simple offer of treats. Nothing more. [drives into office parking lot, honking horn. Enormous purple object strapped to the roof of their car] Woo hoo! You okay? You okay, Stanley? What I'm offering is a ticket on a b*llet train straight to middle management. Yes. Who enjoys the weekends? [all raise hands] Of course. Now the weekend is always great if you have someone, which I do. I have Donna. She is hot. She has a Pilates butt. But we need to find something to do this weekend beside have sex. Did I say that? Yes, I did. [all nod] And the reason you are here is that I need ideas for things that Donna and I could do on the weekend. So just shout it out. Okay. Of course. Yeah, that's terrible. Okay, let me get back to you. Hey, Stanley. One of my clients just called and said that their Sabre printer started smoking and caught on f*re. I don't know. Because a motel is dirty and it is sexy. Like me. And like Donna. And frankly, the stuff that we're into isn't very condo-appropriate. All right. Uh, Stan, you're up. Oh yeah, it's just that my friends are in the car waiting, so I thought I would... So what does downsizing actually mean? Not gonna happen. It won't be out of my hands Stanley, OK. I promise you that. Well, yeah, it is a promise. And frankly, I'm a little insulted that you have to keep asking about it. Pam, information is power. Um, hi. How are you? Push it. Good. Bom bom bom-bom bom. Come on Olympics of Suffering right here. sl*very versus the Holocaust. Come on. Okay, Kevin. You can take that off that thing, OK? That would really, really have shown him up, wouldn't it? If I'd brought in some burritos or some colored greens. Or some pad Thai. I love pad Thai. What? In the wild, there is no health care. In the wild, health care is, "Ow, I hurt my leg. I can't run. A lion eats me and I'm dead." Well, I'm not dead. I'm the lion. You're dead. Jim! Damnit! No! Jim! Let me out! Jim! Let... [Without looking, Jim throws his keys to his left, they land on a shelf next to Stanley] Why don't you just eat it, OK? And here you go, Stanley the manly. There you go. I'm now going to read out loud your submitted medical conditions. When you hear yours read, please raise your hand to indicate that it is real. If you do not raise your hand, it will not be covered. Oh... Yes. Exactly. Thank you Angela, for reminding me. Terrific. Um, before I tell everybody what the big surprise is, would you like to tell me what you think the big surprise is? It's a real shame, 'cause studies have shown that more information gets passed through water-cooler gossip than through official memos. Which puts me at a disadvantage, because I bring my own water to work. And many more! OK, so, let's put together a starting line-up, shall we? Stanley of course. Um, what do you play? Center? Uh... I think you've made a really good choice, she's really going to like that. You're welcome. Thank you. Hmmm-hmm-hmm. Ummm-hmmm... And here we have Stanley the Manly. Now Stanley is a Dundie all-star, aren't you Stan? Why don't you, ah, show them some of your bling. Oh, no you di-int. W-why did you... Nope, actually this year, ah, no group tab, we're going to be doing separate checks. I did. And why didn't ya Stanley? Well, I'm looking forward to meeting Terri. Here here! Speech, speech, speech, speech [other people start joining in] Well, well, last year, I got great work, so I don't...[Pam starts laughing her cute drunk laugh] Give me a break. Umm... Stanley, how about that hot picture you have by your desk? Centerfold in the Catholic schoolgirl's outfit? I mean, it is hot, it is sexy, and it turns him on. And I will admit, best part of my morning is staring at it. But what? Are we just going to take it away? Stanley. Just played Dunder Ball with Toby. What about you, you got any games? [sees Angela making check mark on tally sheet] 15. Okay, you know what? I am going to be, uh, setting the agenda here. Okay? Can everybody gather up, please? Important announcement. Very important announcement. I think this is a perfect opportunity for all of us to participate in some really intense, psychologically revealing conversations. So we're going to be playing Desert Island, umm, Who Would You Do? The Bible. Yeah, so we'll get right... You know what? I'll be right back. Stanley, you're taking over for me, buddy. I'll be right back. The warehouse guys are a bunch of jackasses sometimes. Oh, hey. Game, what game are we playing here? Stanley, could you come with me, please. As Assistant Regional Manager... Look! I've got some bad news. You're fired. You need to pack up your things and go. [Stanley laughs.] I'm serious, Stanley. It's over. I'm sorry. I am a practitioner of Goju Ru Karate, here in Scranton. My Sensei, Ira, recently promoted me to purple belt, and gave me the duties of a Sempai. Not that a lot of people here in America know what a Sempai is, but it is equally as respected as a Sensei. Well, [points at himself] busier. Making the time. This is illegal. Today is Thursday. But Dwight thinks that it's Friday. And that's what I'll be working on this afternoon. Really? God, Stanley, that's frickin' brilliant. How do you know that? Did you learn that on the streets? Sorry. No kidding. You know what the problem is? Guh. Gather round. Secret Santa, let's go. Let's go. Come on. Stanley, no, I'm going to handle the cord. Okay, safety reasons. Yes, now you can steal the oven mitt, the old shirt or the shower radio or pick a new gift. Yeah, but, Michael, the point is that we all bought gifts for specific people. It wasn't. It wasn't that much. It was $3,000. Bob Vance, Vance Refrigeration. Yeah? Stanley! Bo banley. Banana fana fo fanley. Be my mo manley. Stanley. Maybe. The suspense is just so exciting, isn't it? Maybe, I don't know. Well, no. But... okay, don't spoil it for everybody, all right? But we are going on a booze cruise on Lake Wallenpaupack. Wuh, how, how old are you? Look, the point is, I am the only one here who has a legitimate disability, although I'm sure Stanley has had his fair share of obstacles. Ok, [lifts up cooked foot] what does this look like to you Stanley?! He grew into a man overnight. Rare disability, still works. [sigh] A crossword puzzle Stanley, seriously, are you learning nothing here? What you mean uh hmmm... ? Hey, Stanley, is that jacket make of up-dog? No it's okay, we're talking code. Alright, well, cool. [Michael walks by Jim] Still deciding? I will gladly pay you Tuesday for a hamburger today. I am a victim of a hate crime. Stanley knows what I'm talkin' about. You know what... we could get this done a lot quicker if we formed a type of assembly line. No, no! It's not true. I was just talking so just go out there and say anything. They'll eat it up. They're a great audience. Brad Pitt. Also there will be no bonuses. He's kidding. Dwight was kidding and I don't know why because it wasn't funny... and it was just horrible. Yeah. All right. Everybody in the conference room now. Let's go. Let's do it. Abby's my fiancee Stacy's daughter, I think she'll have a good time. I just hope she doesn't look on my computer. ...Actually, I'd better go check. Oh. ...that I thought you should know ... I think something a little fishy is going on. [points to Ryan and Melissa] Yeah. I mean, I've been noticing them all day, I was thinking that maybe ... [Stanley gets up] Yes, I-- Somebody brought in donuts for my birthday! The best. Excuse me, everyone. Attention please. Kevin, we're going to take you to a very special place, a place that will make you happy, and a place that is far, far away from the evil sun. Oh, um...[mimicking Stanley] Why do you keep CC'ing me on things that have nothing to do with me? [Pam and Oscar laugh, Stanley walks in, and Oscar leaves quickly] Oh, hey Stanley. Uh, I was just doing an impression. He does everyone in the office. dr*gs ruin lives people. dr*gs destroy careers. Take Cheech and Chong everybody knows that Cheech and Chong are funny, but just imagine how funny they would be if they didn't smoke pot. I want everybody to take a look to their left. Now I want everybody to take a look to their right. One of those people will be dead from drug use at some point in their lives. This year more people will use cocaine than will read a book to their children. Are these facts scaring you, or are they not? Do you think that smoking dr*gs is cool? Do you think that doing alcohol is cool? Someone complained that the men's room is "whites only". Stanley, you know that's not true. Stanley and I are close, too. But I didn't report your snoring- Ugh... All right. Everybody, [looks around at the employees] come on. Group photo for the newsletter. Welkommen, Bienvenue, and welcome to Monte Carlo! Dwight. I am no longer your boss. Lady Fortune is your boss. You guys want to get that beer?[ The Accountants, Webisode 04 - "Stanley" ] I'm sure it's not you, but we have to ask. We'd appreciate your cooperation if you find out who did it. No. Okay. Thanks for your help. After Pam dumped me, I um, I kinda stopped taking care of myself there, and uh, I h*t bottom when uh, drunk driving arrest. I've been working out and um, you know, I'm not gonna take her for granted. I gotta win her back. You should order the most expensive thing on the menu, so he knows you're worth it. Thank you Angela. Because, Dwight... never lies. What? Well, you know what? I didn't wanna hear about it either, Stanley, but I did and now I can't stop picturing it. He leaves work, he's on his way home... wham! His cappa is detated from his head! Okay, why don't you throw the ball to somebody else. [returning ball to Stanley] Oh, yes Stanley. Come on. Your turn, you have to go. All right, we're starting over. Ok. [Dwight drives away] Of course. No, I'm not going to settle down. Get in the back please. What a pair of Mary's. Come on! Bye Jim. It's important that this company celebrates its diversity. And you know what, Stanley? Come Kwanzaa time, I have got you covered, baby. I worked in Scranton for a really long time. And uh, it's going to be weird that it's all disappearing. I mean, I always knew that the branch would shut down someday. I just figured it would be because Michael sold the building for some magic beans. You have a lot to learn about this town, sweetie. Whoa, Angela! Hold on. Hooters is a restaurant. With over 400 locations worldwide. [to Stanley] What's up with this guy? THIS IS EGREGIOUS! This is egregious! ...Oh. That's... fun for him. It's uh... two and a half. I'm not going for bulk, I'm going for tone. I'd like everybody's attention. Christmas is canceled. Keep it up Stanley and you will lose New Year's. What d'ya think? [to Stanley about his drink] It wassogood. Oh, Hey mon! At Sandals, Jamaica, when somebody says "Hey mon," everybody says "Hey mon" back. Stanley. You know what? It is really good to see you, too. OK, well payroll is in charge of all that. Well, I am just getting settled in. So, I'm gonna... Good. Next up, Superfly himself, Stanley. You can't pass. You've got to pick somebody. Hey, do you mind if I take the lead on this one and then you can critique me after? Yeah, if you don't mind. Stanley Hudson. Stanley. Hi. Thanks, so sweet. Yes, he did. Have any of you talked to Dwight? Really? Well then my man meat, he shall have. There you go. Deliciousity. So what's in the box? A toaster. BAAAAT! BAT! NO! EVERYONE REMAIN CALM! There it goes! I feel great, Kevin. Thank you. In a way you did. Michael! Mm-hmm, near the river. Un-shun. Never. Re-shun. I think he wants you all to come out to the parking lot and watch him die! It's gorgeous. Let's go! [on phone] I know, I know. We're all trying to get to the bottom of this. Everybody, may I have you attention please? Today, we are not just spending a day at the beach. If you don't like it, Stanley, you can go to the back of the bus. Hey, hey, hey. Ok, Ok... Stanley, your team name? Then I will name your team the Red team. It is time for the great spoon and egg race. This one is with a little twist. Come on Phyllis, you can do it. [Phyllis' egg falls off spoon] Ahh... [slams fist onto table] I am so hungry! [starts eating hot dog real fast] [points at Stanley] Word. [Stanley starts eating hot dog] There we go. Let's see it. It's very simple. There are only three rules. You must not touch the ground. You must not step outside of the ring. And you must always wear the safety mittens. C'mon, Jim! Nice, Stanley! What does a great manager need most of all? Courage. Wow, very funny. Just... zip your lid! Another announcement. Michael wasted an enormous amount of the group's time and patience with non-work related ethnic celebrations and parades of soft-minded dogoodedness. No longer. No more meetings! Soil. Right. We have, in front of you here, seven different types of Pennsylvania top soil. Now, what would you say... is the most important element in the production of above ground leafy growth? Probably phosphorus, right? [Angela smiles, shakes her head "no"] Wrong! It's nitrogen! Absorb this information. Good! Now, let us discuss precipitation. Stanley! When rainfall occurs, does it usually fall in a liquid, solid, or gaseous... state? Very good! You have earned one Schrute Buck. Then you have been deducted 50 Schrute Bucks! We--- Don't you wanna earn Schrute Bucks? What's the ratio of Stanley Nickels to Schrute Bucks?