[closing door] I said I didn't want to be on the internet! Are you crazy? Well, that was better. I suppose summer had to end sometime. It's sad, though, because I had a great summer. I got West Nile virus, lost a ton of weight. Then I went back to the lake. I stepped on a piece of glass in the parking lot, which hurt. That got infected even though I peed on it. Saw 'Inception.' Or at least I dreamt I did. Yes, of course. Hey, guys. Sorry, didn't mean to interrupt. Gabe is awesome. He has accomplished so much career-wise and height-wise. Thank God he's my boss because I would not have said yes to a first date if I didn't have to, but... it's been great. My summer, I, um, blew out my knee playing softball. Ended up watching CNN most of the time. I don't know how we're going to get out of Afghanistan. I hate the new assistant. He's only been here for a week, and I hate him. My name is Luke Cooper. I love cinema. My favorite movies are Citizen Kane and The Boondock Saints. Ah, my favorite part of an ice cream party. The bagel chips. I'm reconsidering sending them back anyway. Yep, I just lost a client cause I swore I sent these samples on time. All right. Okay. Good job. Okay, email accounts. So we're starting with account setup- Stop drinking the water! Stop! Would have been nice to work with my family. It would have been nice if Luke had been able to stay here. But he couldn't. These things seldom work out. I don't know how Ringling Brothers do it. Night after night, town after town, all across America. You would think they'd be sick of each other by now. But, clearly, they make it work. And my hat's off to them. Yeah, something happened. Oh yeah, something happened, Jim. The unfair thing about working in sales is that your salary is almost all commission. So, you suck at sales, you make almost no money. I guess that's fair. What? Dwight, how about this? Instead of boycotting, you and I, together, go down to that store and we teach those snobs a lesson. Alright. Apparently there is a famous Hollywood movie from the 1980's, Beautiful Girl... Ok, Um... The sex worker is denied service at a fancy store because she does not look wealthy. She later returns dressed in all the "trappings" of extravagant wealth, but instead of going... "Big mistake! Huge!" Before me stands your coworker, Dwight Kurt Schrute. Dwight, show them all sides. Turn around. Now, today, we need your help turning Dwight into a gentleman. I'm telling you how to do this man. Please. You know what Michael? You're right. You win. This is pointless. We're not getting anywhere. I got a bunch of fun stuff, in case my daughter ever comes over. Why don't we just run out the clock by playing games, drawing some pictures, talking? That's pretty good. Did you write this? Who did? What the hell is happening? [cheers loudly after cast finishes singing song] That was amazing! That was awesome! I auditioned for this. When did the cast list go up? Really? They didn't call me. Who am I playing? ...Andy? I am so excited. But I just need one. Gabe can't come. Sorry. What? That's awful. Everyone's gonna miss that guy. Oh, who else is going? Gabe seemed to think no one was going. Andy, what time's the show? How long is it? They say that no one can take your pride, but the people who cast Andy's play, they took mine. Oh, we wanted to, but our sitter just fell through. I'm really sorry. Uh, no, thank you. Last time I went to the theater, a man dressed as a cat sat on my lap. I can't Andy, it's too hard. That's-I put everything I had into that audition. Do you understand that? Wow. I wish I could, Andy, but I can't. I have plans that night. I'm going to see a friend in a play called Sweeney Todd. You're that friend. I'm going to see your play. Dwight and I have a contractual agreement to procreate five times, plain and simple. And should he develop feelings for me, well, that would be permissible under item 7C, clause 2, so I would not object. [faint smile] It's my own fault- We'll keep looking. I mean, who knows? Maybe I have a niece my family never told me about. For a lot of reasons. Nope. Hey! Andy! You should actually thank Erin, she's the one who agreed to babysit. I really wanted to see Andy's play, because he's so, so talented. But I've been trying to get in the babysitting game forever. The thirteen-year-olds in this town have a complete monopoly. It's almost like a babysitters club. [seeing Michael drink from wine bottle] Michael! [bottle gets passed around by Darryl, Meredith and Kevin] [on cell phone] Unfortunately, in this ham-fisted production of Sweeney Todd, the real terror comes from the vocal performances. New paragraph. You found Johanna. The bird continues to call. Someone please turn off your... bird. Oh, for the love-turn your phone off! There are signs! What is the news of my darling daughter Johanna? [yelling] Where is Johanna? A madhouse? A madhouse? Johanna is as good as rescued. Where do you suppose all the wig makes of London go to obtain their human hair? [Michael tips over wine bottle, which noisily rolls down the theater, and accidentally lets go of balloons] Oh, my God. I don't like that at all. Yes. Oh, I'm so scared! Okay, k*ll me! Just k*ll me! k*ll me! Oh, no. I'm so glad we're hanging out again outside of work. Okay, I k*ll you now. Good night. This is awesome. [cell phone rings] Sorry. Hi, Gabe. Yeah, I just stopped by Andy's cast party to say hi to everyone. Oh, sure, I can pick you up some soup. What do you want? That's broth, Gabe. Okay, I-I'll see you soup. [hangs up] Okay, I have to go. Thank you so much. This is so much fun, and I'm really sorry that I missed your play, but next time I'll be there. Or here. Right here, I promise. Okay. Hey, what's going on here? Post-show blues? Interesting subject matter. I'm surprised you pulled it off. Oscar. Enough with the sass, please. God! What is wrong with you? Andy, listen to me. Look me in the eye. I thought that you were awesome. I am not just saying that. You can trust that I am telling you the truth. I booed someone tonight. I have no filter. And if I thought you were terrible, I would have booed. And if I thought you had done a better job, I would be saying nicer things right now. But I thought that you were exactly awesome. No better, no worse. Andy, sing us another song. Andy! Andy! Andy! Andy! Andy! Okay, all right, all right, all right. What? [Nate starts walking away from hornet's nest, puts down the blowtorch] Yes! A bat! Impressive... You have a penis? This is what you get when you treat your body like an outhouse. So long Donna! [Michael hangs up] Not again... You're always asking for our attention. Seems recent. Andy, the reason it seems more recent is because many of us here have never stood up and asked for everyone's attention, and it seems like you've done it on several occasions. [agreement around the office] That's what I was thinking, you kept announcing scores. [Dwight looks confused to the camera] Were they in the missionary position? [Holly laughs] You wanna dig into our relationship, go over it, see what k*lled it. Ok, I'm in. Andy... Nope, it's because it's genitalia. Am I blocking anybody? Can everybody see? I used to think that she was the one. Or at least A the one. And if I called that one so wrong... It feels unbelievable! The ability to express love physically. It's a magical thing. It feels amazing! Yes. The feeling of pure risk. It's thrilling. Andy, aren't there also negatives to sex? Unplanned pregnancy. Thank you! Come on. Condoms. Ohh. Ok. I didn't realize we were doing trick questions. What's the safest way to go skiing? Don't ski! [office laughs] Andy that's way too personal of a question. Well someone could answer if they want to. [looks at Erin hopefully] Ok, in that case I will now show you how to put this condom on... using this pencil. [Stanley laughs] Why would you choose a pencil Andy? Come on, give it a rest pencil d*ck. I didn't want you it! He sounds like a nice guy. This wasn't really about Meredith was it. You and Erin are broken up. I asked you if it was ok if I asked her out. You said, and I quote, 'My good sir! Nothing would make me happier than to hand you the hand of the hand once in my hand.' I specifically remember it because you said it in such a weird way. [Andy walks in Darryl's office] We should schedule meetings, because the days can slip away with chit-chat. Are you crying? I don't know who's got you upset but my advice is stop crying. Look you need to pick yourself up. Man up, alright? You will win this in the end. It's all about heart, and character. Be your best self. Well, I'm neither of those things, so... What? Is Dan okay? Yes. Oh, that's great news for your friend. You know, I forget about milk. This is a terrific reminder. No! Okay. [runs out the door] All right. I'm very busy with time-sensitive work. If you don't enter them immediately, you forget. What? Nah. I play for pleasure. I wouldn't enjoy that. Oh, yeah? How much? That's crazy money. I'll take forty. Yes.Darryl and [singing] Please Mr. President, if you wanna give hope a whirl, bring our troops home safe and sound, says this little girl. One second, one second, one second. [stops playing] So, this song is from the point of view of a little girl? But you're singing it. No, that's not a good idea. I don't see that as a very good song. Oh, I never sing with soul. I could sing it. But my voice is unique. Like Bob Dylan. Oh...my god! He's making her sell to him. It's pandering. And it makes me think you think I'm stupid. Not really. It's kinda weird that a grown man is singing from the point of view of a little girl. I-I don't think they usually...skate to such...bad songs. Well, I really, really, really liked it. He's like a better-looking Andy. What's something you really care about? More universal. Oh, nice! Go ahead. Which me am I gonna be today? Or the me that stinks. Oh, don't worry about it. Yeah. One, two, three, h*t it. I'll be your croak monsieur. Croak, croak, croak. Bullfrog in love. Croak! Nope. Starts with an H. Hmmm. [glances at Andy] Thank you. No. No, I'm not gonna-no. I am never gonna forget what Danny did to Pam. I forget nothing. I'm like an elephant in that way. Yeah, and everyone else is gonna be there. Stanley, Phyllis, Angela, Darryl... Creed's a maybe. And we are going to straighten this out. Yeah. Here's another good idea. Corporate chain of command. We need to strangle Darryl's idea. Hey. I was looking forward to throwing some darts with you guys. For sure. What are you talking about? Yes. Friends fight. Friends fight. Sometimes it seems like it was better down in the warehouse, you know? This was your freshman year. Top of the Sunday morning to you. I invited everyone in the office because it's not a day for just Jim or Pam or the baby or me. It is about us all. And I thought we should all celebrate... my joy. And our, all of ours joys. [looking at Cece, under his breath] Ah, man. [looks at Erin talking to Gabe] My parents explained it to me this way. You wouldn't hesitate to save a family member from a burning building, but what if the earth was your building and all the people on it were your family? You know what, my job will be here when I get back. Thank you. [looking at Erin] Save me an aisle seat, Michael! I'm coming! We're actually building them a school. Mm. That's not gonna happen. Well, you know what, everybody thinks that I am crazy, and that tells me that I am the sanest person I know. So... Okay. How long till we get to Mexico? Ooh. What are we building down there again? Like, a hospital? A school for Mexicans? What? Why aren't they building it themselves? Do we know how? I don't know how. You know how? What is happening? Oh, God, what is happening? Oh, God, you know what? I'm gonna be in Mexico for my half-birthday. And Cinco de Mayo. Can you fake a seizure or a heart att*ck or something? Do that. Do it. Can't stop. We're on a schedule. Why? Blah-di-blah! We could go back and forth all day. It's not gonna solve anything. Do you want that for little Jessica? No, you don't. And the answer is clear. Stop the bus. Okay? Stop the bus!Michael and Columbia Street in Washington Ave! When is he gonna come out? [phone rings, Kelly answers and hangs up] Tonight might be a convenient night for us to have some intercourse. Mhmm! I'd love it if you were there. You and Michael are always the life of the party! Why would I keep you from coming? [in Gabe's bedroom with Andy] Hey! Marantz Tubes Sterio. From the 1970's. I respect that. I respect that a lot. Oh hoho. The five Chinese Berilidy Herbs. No kidding. This is powdered seahorse. They say that fifteen Chinese soldiers fought off the entire army of Gangus Kong just using this stuff. You know what they say... What is this, Samurai wood cuts? Yep. Pretty erotic. [to Andy] Take a sh*t. Wow, so much Asia stuff. I wonder if there's a guy in China right now, looking at a bunch of our stuff. Andy look, all I know is that if I was a girl, and I had to choose between the tall dude who loved Asia, and the you looking dude who loves sweaters and wearing sweaters... I'd choose you. And I'd blow your mind. Michael. Gabe is making the pigs in a blanket, and he kind of needs some [Dwight shushes her] help so, [Erin whispering] he was wondering if you could help him. [Michael goes with Erin] You know your perfumes! My nanny used to wear that. Ahhh! What's going on?!?! Beleniege! HI mahhhh. Boo yowww. g*n! Ooh uncow! [concerned] Are you having a good time? Andy you look awful! Are you alright? [getting under the bed covers] I wanted to eat a pig in a blanket, in a blanket! Are you alright? I know. I thought you two were nice together. Made love? I don't know. [Andy is leaning over toilet] What happened? How much? I've got just the thing! [leaves, comes back with a synthesizer] This one's called Earth Rise, on the Moon. [music plays] Okay, moving backwards, our I.T. Guys have been... Glasses, Turban, Ear Hair, Fatty 3, Shorts, Fatty 2, Lozenge, and Fatso. I think Lozenge was the one who installed it. We have nine solid days. I love these questions. Keep 'em coming. Look at that. Triple your investment by January. There you go. The first lesson of Silicon Valley, actually, is that you only think about the user, the experience. You actually don't think about the money. Ever. Yeah, sell! [opens the door the Ryan's office, grabs him by the shirt, pulls him out of his chair] Consider it a WUPHF in person. [shoves Ryan down to a chair] You got this crazy opportunity to get our money back. Tell Mike To Sell. It's not that we don't believe in the company, We don't believe in you. I'm not blind! I know exactly who he is. He is selfish and lazy and image-obsessed, and he is a bad friend. [all seem to be in agreenment] And he's also clever. And he sh**t incredibly high. And he may just make it. But you know what? Even if he doesn't, I would rather go broke betting on my people, than get rich all by myself, on some island like a castaway. And there is no middle ground. Welcome, start your morning right with a burst of blueberry. Or try plain. Dwight said this entry was a waste of space. Eight dollars. Everything here was made in China, Pam. Hey Andy. You gotta stop texting me so much. You need to change your standard for what's worthy of a text. Ask yourself is this something Darryl needs to know. The answers almost always no. [reads text] "Are you watching this?" Seriously? Oh in three months we can. Check the lease, and if you don't undo all the changes you've made, we're moving. Hey guys, can I show you some pictures. They're not of Cece. [reading text] Megan Fox. Question mark. What's that mean? You know what, you're one bad text away from getting blocked. You accept these terms? No. Yes. Lifeline. What do you know about boobs? Thank you. Wait, wait, wait. How long is this going to take? Is it going to be worth it? My point is... that as long as people like you and me don't stop talking, nobody can stop the USA. [reads text] Come to parking lot. Crazy pigeon action? [laughs] That's a text. [high fives Andy] Oh, I got it, you guys, how 'bout this. Michael, what if all the boys are on one side, all the girls are on the other. The boys are like, 'why I oughta', and the girls are like, 'let's go shopping!'. I didn't want to miss it. Alright. Well, I will be in my office making toys for the good children. Andy? Whatcha got? It's a Hello Kitty laptop sleeve. You got it. Well, I really can't talk about it, but it's a very high profile case. Yes. He's rubbing his neck. No, no, no, we're gonna get fresh for Holly. Fresh and new. I know. Why do you always think that girls are gonna be at the party? No one invited girls. It's just us. Yeah. Oh, do you mean Darryl? That's a great idea. I'll ask him. Yeah. He works here. We all know him. [Pam knocks on Darryl's door] Don't come in, I'm busy. [Pam opens the door] Uh, no. Me too. Hey, how about this one? Um, hey, Darryl, listen, it's none of my business, but if I couldn't have Cece for Christmas, I'd be really upset too. Bring her to the party. Yeah, we'll have Santa, and we'll play games with her. It'll be a lot of fun. Hey. Mmhmm. Mmhmm. Well, the fact that you would think that points to the possibility that it is probably not me. And that I have been framed. Oh, my goodness. What kind of challenges. Something like an obstacle course, Mr. Grinch? I don't know. Maybe the grinch hid the Christmas star, and we could ask for clues, and he'll tell us if we're hot or cold. I've achieved plenty and there's no better than the best. Learn to cook for one! Well, maybe you'll meet someone. Oh, God. Yeah. You know what you guys should do? Go to the bookstore at lunch. There's tons of cuties and it's easy to talk to them. 'Hey, what book is that? Cool, let's hang out tonight. Sex already? Whoa...' There's a plan. Holy [bleep], what? Let me see that. It's so light. Like a croissant. Welcome. Thanks. Hey, how'd you do? Yeah, yeah! Well, we can't just go back, I mean, we came out to meet women. What kind of chicks are you going to meet there? Chicks fall down, need help getting back up. [at the skating rink]Hey, uh. It's just you. Anything you want to hear? Okay. [Ants Go Marching starts playing] Sup? To the arcade. Why, did you meet someone? Gentlemen. Your first student is here, Mister Bernard. That's actually "Master of Ceremonies" Bernard. I am the plant. Every great seminar has one. My job is to make the speaker look good, and I do this through the techniques of leading questions and laughing at all jokes. And the character "Mikanos", is just a little added flava. "Mikanos" is loosely based on another character I do, "Spiros", who is more about the ladies. Listen, this isn't a favor, all right? This is a good idea. We all win. Wow. [sees guy at Erin's desk] Stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop. Hey, Andy, I'm really, really sorry to do this to you, but I have a meeting today that I totally forgot, so I can't be apart of this seminar. I know. I'm really sorry. I can't do it. You can't. You can't. You promised us whales. These are worms. I'm out. I'm out too. No, it doesn't have to just be cow stuff, right? Andy, I'm no Jim. The only way that I'm Jim is in the movie version when Jim sees what his future would be like if he never met Pam. In you go. Yup. And? Okay. I don't... I don't like committing to things just like that. Oh, baby. Yes. Yes, I'll do it. And if I flake, I flake. What? Yep. Creed! Ha! Hi Nard Dog. I'm Lu Peachem. [out of breath] Dream... big. Right? So what I want you to do is dream the biggest that you c... an. [coughing] And then double it! [coughing]. No. Yes! No. I'm fine. Okay, from here now. The first lesson that I'm gonna teach you, right, is about finding success. And the key to finding success is to picture a winner. [coughing] [vomiting]. Okay, so then, what are you picturing right now, right this second? 'Cause the universe is yours, people. Get out of the way! [runs out of room] But perhaps no achievement is greater than his on-again, off-again girlfriend. Mm-hmm. I don't know. Why are you here? Hey, friend. How's it going? Oh, you know what? Let me steep that for you. Hey, you know what? Good news. We're back in. Let's go sell some paper, Buddy. Huh? Ahem! I got it. I got it. [whispering] They're a bunch of jackals. They left you in the lurch, and if they want to jump in, it means you're almost there. You did this. Bring it home. Let me tell you what you can do with your offer to help. You can table it and offer it up another time. Just know that I really appreciate the gesture. [whispering] You're gonna blow it. [on phone] I just want to make a point to that last caller. I disagree. I don't think it is the running game at all. I think we do have to make a few moves in this off-season. [as Mikanos] Dah, dah, dah, dah, dah. You know, I like you. I'm going to give you my secret gyro recipe. Come out here since it's a secret, and I'll tell you. [exits conference room] [normal voice] All, you have to close right now. No, you're not. You're getting past it. You have to close. You can do it. Andy, what's the problem? "My mom thinks you're too dumb to hang out with." I'll take one. Yeah b*tch. [quietly] No, no, no. Andy. I didn't think you had it in ya. So I got us a compromise. This movie's called "Hardware". It tells the story of a k*ller combat robot, just like Wall-e, that the government invented to destroy humans. It's some of what you like and some of what I like, and... married... There's a "Shrek" two?! Sweet! Free Ring! What? Ummm, like a week ago, we got really wasted and it just felt right. Which on in particular? Well the first one has a surprise factor. "I'm a suck suck-suckidy Sabre!" And I will take you all down. me. Yes. You guys, I have the perfect idea. Ok, it will just take me ten minutes. Send me one too. Woman, you've had a computer for years! Too late! Oh. Ha. An IM chat. Very clever. I'll just print that out. Come on guys. Grow up. I don't want to be your babysitter. No, not nice. Terrible. Doesn't even include the fact that they're dogs. "Oh, thank God. I had a horrible nightmare that I was stuck in America with Gabe." "I know what it smells like but I didn't roll in anything. It's from listening to all of Gabe's bull[bleep]. [laughter] "Isn't this the perfect romantic getaway, Erin? Sitting on a deserted island wearing dog costumes? I'm Gabe and I'm a weirdo." "Hooray. Live it up big D. " "Days like this don't come often enough. Time to celebrate. You deserve this"? [tears welling up in his eyes] ...thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen seventeen eighteen nineteen twenty twenty-one twenty-two twenty-three twenty-four twenty-five twenty-six!... Rachel from the party? Psst! Psst! Are you good at jigsaw puzzles? Okay. Oh! No, no, no, no. It's not weird at all. You have your new girlfriend. I have Gabe. This is just as friends. Yes! Oh, is he... So tell me about your new girlfriend. Aww, cute. That's Gabe's boom box. Come on. We have to go find it. No, come on. [growling] Come on! Oh, my God. It's a song. What do you think is on it? [softly] Not if we're talking like this. I think it's okay. He doesn't seem to hear us. I think he can hear us. Darryl. No, he's not. I can hear you. [Gabe singing] The temp at night. The temp at night. The temp at night. The temp at night. You got it. Pick it up. Take it out. Pick it up. Take it out. Pick it up. Pick it up. Pick it up. Take it out. Yeah, whatever. No big deal. Just the hottest girl in the world loves me. I guess we just have to wait until night and see. [gasps] Oh. Cool. Super romantic. Yeah. Did you not see it? ["Eat at Hanks" is written in glow-in-the-dark letters above the door] [bursting out of Ryan's closet] Hey. Here's your bottle of sparkling cider. [at vending machine] B-9. Like a benign tumor. Oh, yes. There's a note. "A little cookie for you, my miss. But the real treasure is your Valentine's kiss." Mm. Oh. We're suppose to...mmm [leans in to kiss Andy] Okay. [Stands up and leaves the conference room to the dismay of the office] No, it's not good enough. It's not good enough... Ugh... [after a little thought] I'm in. Well if that's the case, I guess I've gotta be fired too. [all groan in disgust] Hey sailor! Come watch it over here! [pats her new computer] Pam gave it to me! You have a computer Andy. Ok, but listen. We just don't have the budget for it. Okay? Reception needed a computer so we got one. So something good happening to Stanley is crazy now? If you're just handing them out, I want one too. See, this is what I'm talking about. [walking through the office, notices Andy with Erin's computer set up at his desk] What the heck! Why do you have Erin's computer! Erin, it's not up to you. This computer was for reception! Okay? It's not yours to give away. I'm not freaking out, Andy. Andy, why should she have your crappy computer? Switch the computers back Andy. Seriously. Now please. Yeah, write up your list of one hundred, edit it down to your top forty, then e-mail it to me, and I'll read it over. I don't know if there's really a private place in this office. [looking confused] You did that? Okay. [walks to conference room with Andy and stares at the sign up sheet with wonder] When did people sign- Well what was I supposed to do, let you walk all over me? Okay, well I didn't think about it like that. It's just, I can't do anything about it. I can't replace that one unless that computer breaks. Yeah, well if it breaks all the way I can get you a new one. Eat a brog. Maybe it's because I didn't understand it. I just had a couple of notes, let me grab a pen. [Dwight tries to open up a drawer on his desk but it only goes out two inches] Damn it. Gah! Just when we were getting going. [in a car with Andy, by the dumpster you can see a new computer box] So listen, we have to really scuff this up. Andy, this is the deal we made. We should break this hinge maybe. Wait! Why don't we come up with a plan we're all happy about? [Michael leaves] Come on Andy! I mean you said you wanted a new computer and this is the best I could do! Yes, I found it in a shelf in the corner of the warehouse. [Darryl gives the camera an odd look] The warmth will lure people inside. This is how business... I'm not closing the door. Stop it. And the Jennifer Weiner collection. Yea when I was a kid I was on Dallas. We should play it. Yea. Well, shall we make it a little interesting? Wanna know how to do it? Here's how you do it. Take her out to dinner. Go down on one knee. If you are in costume, you did something wrong. If at any point you find yourself tying a ring to a dogs collar, stop, and look at yourself. Nice. No you cant do that. You cant play a black mail card and call a proxy meeting in the same turn. And I'm gonna play this here share the wealth card. It was in the box. Thank you. No but that's not fair. Hey guys it's my turn. [silences Michael] [laughs] Office funny guy! Always glad to have an office funny guy around! Hey, funny guy. Wanna have a little mid-day lawl here. Make me laugh, huh? What you got? I can't even look at you. Finish the joke, Andy. What do African Americans call? [Andy walks into room] What's up? I don't mean to go into a rant here, but... I wrote the perfect joke. Topical, edgy, funny. Let's not talk politics in the office, ok? I like you better as a funny guy. [laughter] Now that's funny! That's funny! You walk much? Hey, funny man! Whatcha got for me? Make me laugh? [laughs] Drink some soap! [laughter and applause] This is so weird! If I'm conducting a meeting, good to go. But if I think of it as a performance... I-I fall apart. Obviously. [in conference room] Here... [Andy walks in] Okay! By his own omission, this person actually tried marijuana in college, so the Doobie Doobie Pothead Stoner of the Year Award goes to, Andy Bernard! [Andy walks up] Oh, okay. [nods to him] Oh my God, something's happening. [sees Andy walk into the Men's Room and follows him in] Stay away from Erin! [cornering him in the bathroom] I'm your boss! No, I'm gonna stand where I want. Okay? You don't wanna get on my bad side! I've seen some horrible things! I own over two hundred horror movies! No! You go away! [storms out, toilet flushes, Jim exits the bathroom] Well, okay... And Andy, Andy who needs confidence that he is a great salesman. I give you, my clients, our ten most important accounts. [other salesmen look outraged] [angry] Yeah wow! You sold us all on Andy, a product that nobody wanted. You're not gonna lose them. [as Michael walks away, Stanley whispers angrily to Andy] Gimme those clients! Don't be. You should never settle for who you are. [moving on] Oscar, Oscar, Oscar! Oscar, you are- Yeah. [Oscar shakes his head no] [hurriedly, while hiding the chocolate covered chicken] Hey! [in car with Andy] okay, so what's our approach? You a veteran? Do I have a month to live? You gonna get married tomorrow? What? [Andy stares blankly] Hmm? That's stupid. [laughing. Nervously, Andy laughs with him] [still laughing] What do you know? We gotta get psyched up! Okay? Guy? Let's get psyched! Is there an animal shelter on the way? Awesome! Ani Ani Shelto! Here we come. Do you know how to high-five? 'Cause if you do now's the time. [at the animal shelter with Andy] You know how I met Jo Bennett? And got started on my ladder of success? [hands Andy a dog] I'm walking along, out of work. Again. Thinking to myself, 'I only have enough cash to by a sandwich, or get drunk. And I see this guy trying to steal this lady's dog! So I grab the dog. He runs off. She's so grateful, she hires me. Gimme that dog! That's not your dog! [takes the dog from a confused Andy] Yeah! Again. Gimme that damn dog you f***ing thief! Don't ever do It again! [Andy nods modestly] You hear me?! [Andy nods again] You feel that energy? [walking out the client's room with Andy] That is cold sir! Absolutely cold. You know what? It was a complete waste of my time. [grumbles] Okay whatever. [on his phone waiting for Andy, next to their car] Yes. Okay, alright. No, well thank you! Alright, take care. [hangs up] You'll never guess, we did it! Hey! Careful. There is no inner circle. Oh no, do you think it was stolen? Of course you do, Jim. You're a man. Deangelo is a huge sexist. Okay. Then how about I'm the head of the Accounting Department, but he only ever talks to Kevin? What about Pam and Kelly? Also department heads. But has he ever met with you or even asked you to do anything? Mmm-hmm. He didn't text me. [Andy's phone chimes] Andy, what are you doing? Deangelo, tell your whore to leave me alone. All right. You stop me when I reach the diseased area. [Dwight points to her legs and slowly moves his finger up, stopping at her mid-section] Oh! Darryl's funny. Hey, Andy? Can I talk to you a second about these client memos? Are you still in love with Erin? Because I am. I need to get her back. [crying] I can't be alone anymore. Andy, do you like being alone with me right now? No. I don't like being alone with me either, okay? I have to get her back. Are you still gonna date her? Do you promise that? $0.50" with a camera pointed at it] The holster was a gift from my great-uncle Honk. Um, I don't know. I guess he's saying that he's proud of me. Andy! My God. There is a hardwood floor underneath this carpeting. Why would they do that? No, no, no. All we know is that a g*n fired. That's all we know! No. That's not true. Actually, we heard a loud noise. Later, a hole was seen. No one saw the b*llet leave the g*n. Okay, why are you calling Jo? I'll take him. What's wrong with you? Yeah. Because you guys are my best friends, and I mean that. Managing you for this last week has been the greatest honor of my life. And if you ruin this, I will burn this office to the ground. And I mean that figuratively. Not literally. Because you guys are so... so important... to me. I love you guys. But don't cross me. But you're the best. There he is! Our hero! [Both Dwight and Erin move to hug Andy] You look fantastic. How you doing? Here, tell us your w*r stories. Did they say what caused it? Because I know you like putting Q-tips deep into your ear canal. How's your hearing? [does jazz hands, Jo notices and eyes him oddly] Well, what can you do? Life. Hope I'm not interrupting anything. Hey, Andy, did you tell Erin about our conversation earlier when you said you would never want to date her again? I just thought that it was so interesting that you promised that. No, I was not. I have a solid relationship with Jo, the company's owner. I have management experience. I have a good friendship with Jim, the head of the Search Committee, and it doesn't hurt that I'm... [in Oprah-like sing-song voice] bla-aaack! [commenting on the poster] It's good. I really hope you get it! Still, I'd really like to see this office with you in the boss's chair. You in the boss's chair! EEEHHH!! No. Hehe. [Robert leaves the conference room and looks at the others in the office as he grins at the camera and leaves] He creeps me out. [Toby nods] But, I think he might be a genius. Andy? You all set? Are you sure this is a good idea? I hate to see you disappointed. So, Andy, what improvements would you make as office manager? Whoa! That's a very heavy accusation to level against Toby. Well, Toby's in charge of Human Resources, that would include communication. I think that Toby's done a fine job. How many windows are there in New York City? Critical thinking. Common, on-the-spot question asked in an interview. No... How far away is the Sun? [to Gabe] Is it? Shut up about the Sun! SHUT UP about the SUN! [slams fist, hurting his hand] A date with the best salesman... Andy Bernard! [Andy walks over to Erin's desk] [gets up] Oh. [shrugs] I've done it all my life. Listen, I'm really flattered, but I don't think we should. Am I the only one who remembers what he did when he was in charge? I feel like I'm going a little bit crazy. Thank you. I'm sorry, is that all you think of me? A minority? I am so much more than that. I am a dancer, I'm a singer, I'm a fashion designer. Okay, fine. Uhh, the guy with a tiny penis. Are you happy? [sarcastically] Let's hire that guy! [Jim looks speechless] We're gonna miss you, Gabe. [Gabe leaves] No, they can't. That's not how this is gonna work. [exhales] We're going in this room, we're going to have a meeting. We're gonna make a recommendation to Jo, and she's gonna give you her recommendation on Monday. Okay? [to Kelly and Toby, as they re-enter the conference room] What the hell happened out there? [Kevin tries to follow, but the door is closed on him] Planking is one of those things where, eh, you either get it or you don't.  And I don't.  But I am so excited to be a part of it. No, I insist. The Search Committee finally decided, after a lot of deliberation, on Robert California... for the manager position. Who took one look around and left.  He drove down to Florida and convinced Joe to make him CEO... CEO... her own job. He talked her out of her own job. And I don't really know how someone does that. But, anyway, then the position was his to fill.   And he chose... (planking on top of cabinet] Very smart. No one should be planking at all. Very smart, very smart. Suddenly, I was awake. And I've been doing this thing- 30am casual chit-chat scheduled. I emailed you about it last night to confirm. And again this morning. [motions he is on the phone] Can I call you right back? Thank you very much. [comes over] Okay. [sees notebook with two lists of staff names] What is this? What are your thoughts. Why are you- How do you know? He left it at reception and we photocopied it. This is if we were all on a cruise ship and had to divide into lifeboats. This is if we were on a cruise ship and had to divide into life rafts. Here's something. Who would eat who in an ‘Alive' situation. No... that can't be it. Did you guys figure it out? Go in there and just ask the man what it means. C'mon, just say you saw the list by accident. [Andy continuously knocking on door] Yes, for god's sake Andy. Yes, come in. Great. Thank you. What is this? You read my notebook? And photocopied it. And distributed it. Ah, please. Here's what it is. It's a doodle. Some people doodle at work when they let their mind run. They draw houses, penises. Funny how the houses are always colonials and the penises are always circumcised. Don't you think? Well, I doodle too, but I'm not an artist. So I draw words and lists. Might as well have been sketching a cube. Mmum, still wrong. Well, you take the first letter from each name, assign it a number, add ‘em all up, and SHOVE IT UP YOUR BUTT! Wait, wait, wait! Stop! Stop! Stop! Will you stop?! [Kelly and Erin screaming as Dwight bashes their heads together, everyone attacking each other and yelling] Okay. See you guys. I should not be here. I'm in the- I was in the wrong- I'm- I'm sorry. Uh, just picture me back there. I- I was never here. How is this a pizza party? Yeah, well, that's just pizza. You need at least one other element for it to be a party. What's that? Probably shouldn't have said that. [Jim's jaw drops] I used to be young and cute and sorta funny and I could do those cute, little cartoons. And everyone who came through here was like, "Who's that receptionist? I like her." Now I'm just a fat mom. Yeah, and you take one look at me and you're like, "Oh, loser." Good times. [on the phone, while getting sprayed] Just take the casserole out of the- Take it out of the refrigerator and put it in the oven. It'll be fine, just leave it in for 20 minutes. When I was a salesman I could just be like "Not my job, not my prob. I'm going to the warehouse to polish my knob." Metaphorically, of course. But now, it is my job and my prob. I never said that. Thank you. Great. Robert. I said winners and losers. Is that what you're talking about? Whew, well. I guess that's that. Andy, don't go in there! I'm going in there. I'm not gonna change my list, Andy, and I don't use ballpoint pens. I did not know about the sales figures. Shhh. Are we done? You want a three and half day weekend for Columbus Day? And you are aware that Columbus and his legions committed genocide against an entire civilization of Native Americans. I don't care. [Robert smiles as Andy exits] We get that every year. Good night, Andy. Good night. why waste time, say lot word when few word do trick? Thank. Many small time make big time. Andy, don't make us sell this stupid thing. Thank you. ..."C-SPAN"? Is this really the best use of our collective time? Yeah, we had a few fights, I suppose. But last night we put a lot of that to bed. I can't tell you what I did with my ex wife last night.... I have to sing it. [singing] We took a shower, we were naked. We ska dap dap doo doo doo doo doo doo doo. I was looking over your projections, and I think we can do better. Andy, do you know why I chose you? Vanilla? No no no no. You'll never guess in a million billion years you'll never guess. Andy, can you inspire? Do you have that skill set? I asked if you wanted a cold beverage and you said "coffee".... Andy, you don't want that. You like her. She likes you. Let me tell you how I buy something these days. I know what I want I go on the internet, I get the best price. Or I don't know what I want and I go to a small store that can help me. The era of personal service is back. You are back. You'll find that customers will pay our higher prices and then they will thank us, and we will say to them "you are welcome." [Applause] Andrew, I chose you for a reason. Lead these people. Show me the best numbers this place has ever seen. Last quarter we saw 4% growth. Double it. Double. I'm not kidding. Hey. [Andy pushes things aside and sits on top of Jim's desk, kicking things in the process.] Why don't you start? Yeah, how are we supposed to do that? We can't just press a magic button. He brings up two good points. Do you have any new leads? Any new territories you want us to look into? Maybe have an in with a big client that we can get our foot in the door? We could talk about how fast children grow up, and before you know it they're out of the house. New leads, a new territory to look into, maybe an in with a big company that we could get our foot in the door... Follow me, I got a space. After you. I've been thinking about you all mornin'. I don't know what you did, I can barely walk today. Let me guess, somebody needs a brownie...? Lick the spoon? Is this about the profits? Because if it is I just don't see the point. It's so Wall Street. Right? Good. Really really good. Oh, it is. And beets are not immune. We made some inroads in salads, but heirloom tomatoes are pushing back. I don't know, what do you mean? I do. You don't have to thank us for coming in, it's our job. What's with the blanket?[Andy removes blanket over table to reveal various items] We don't get it. Seems like a basic reward system where you give us points, and then we redeem those points for prizes. Uh, is that a vibrator? How does one get a point? Why is it all kid stuff and a vibrator? It's so gross. How ‘bout you want us to work harder, pay us more. This point system is really insulting. What if we went all the way up to five hundred points? But, what if? I don't know, for such a crazy number I'd like something pretty crazy. That's pretty good. What about uh, for a thousand points? Alright, alright. And you are totally serious? Ok. Andrew. No, I didn't notice anything. I don't know what to tell you, man. Oh, one hundred percent. We all want to see you tattoo your ass. Nah, you definitely weren't kidding. And that came across loud and clear. Oh, by the way, I want to hand this in. [hands Andy slip of paper] Where's Angela? [Hands paper over her shoulder] Don't talk to me! [Everyone continues to work busily] [on phone] Hi, Professor Frank, Andy Bernard, class of '95. Hey there, um, I'm a huge fan of your management book, Management. Um, quick question. I may be missing a chapter here...De-Incentivizing. What are your strategies? Looking for a real blow to morale...uh why? Well, um I guess you could say I'm in one of those classic ass tattoo incentive situations. [laughs][Erin fills in drawing showing points, crowd cheers and claps] Do Not Resuscitate...[mild cheering] Yeah, no problem. For sure.[murmurs from group in agreement] Gettin' psyched up? Andy, nobody really expects you to go through with this... I mean, do you like it? You having fun? [Andy snorts, unsure how to answer] Tell you this, everybody else is having a lot of fun....and you did that. But I think it's big enough to buy you some time till your next great idea....which, by the way, I can't wait for. Absolutely not. Let's ink...my stink! [crowd cheers] Whoa! Uh, you can keep your pants on actually...if just drop ‘em down a bit, that'd be great. I'd really prefer they not be down. Alright, let's begin. That was just the cotton swab. DRAW SOME BLOOD! Why did I choose Andy to run the office? Because he's all surface, uncomplicated. What you see is what you get. Could be a recipe for mediocrity, yes, but then again, it might just be why people fight for him. I bet this guy didn't leave his weed in the car. OK we have to do something because this is incredibly dangerous. A car parked in the sun is like a toaster oven. There you go! Here doggy! He's not even trying. Come here doggy, come on. That's still a lot of money! I think I would keep working. And for my salary I guess I would take like a dollar a year....I mean obviously I wouldn't come in till noon and I wouldn't do anything I didn't wanna do. I mean I'm getting paid a dollar a year, OK? You can chill. I don't know. No. I'm not checkin' email till lunch. Four hour work week. Andy, this is a seriously big order. I can't lose this client. Really, nobody's gonna help her? Is chivalry dead? Of course. I would. But my hip....I would k*ll to be at a hundred percent. [Angela rolls eyes] Hey...OK no. No. That. You are so not...oh god. [grunts] False. Andy, I will volunteer. When did I get so fat? I didn't hire anyone if that's why you're here. I have a file of applicants here. I just gotta open it, look at it, interview a bunch of guys,hire some of 'em. So I'd say we're in the early stages of the process. The guys did invite me out to celebrate but I decided to just stay home. Eat a bunch of tacos in my basement. I did. I did have a fantastic basement. Now it smells like tacos. You can't air out a basement and taco air is heavy. Settles at the lowest point. Right. Um, well how 'bout we take a look at some applications? ...This guy wrote his in green ink, that's pretty cool. Check it out. [attempts to give Darryl application who ignores him at first but then takes it]Hey! There ya go...there he is. Yup. Your old crew won the lottery? Oh yeah. One of 'em, Glenn, is starting one of those fat camps where he steals your kid in the middle of the night. Madge and a couple other guys might start a strip club, but on a boat. And Heday is investing in an energy drink for Asian h*m*. [Andy laughs awkwardly] Nope. I'm good. I'm here. Let's find some warehouse workers. OK. OK. Yeah. I didn't feel anything. That's not a good reason. Don't just take the first job that comes your way. Cause next thing you know, it's ten years later and you're still there. Could write your obituary tomorrow, it's not gonna change. OK, (we'll just dismiss it.)?????? Like a driver's license? Is this a joke? [grabbing Kevin's arm] You need to drop it, OK? They hate it. I like it a lot but they hate it so drop it! [Kevin tears up] Did you hire 'em? What do you mean "they left"? Then I think you should f*re me. Yeah. Just put me out of my misery. No? OK. I don't wanna be here anymore. f*re me. So Darryl says to me "f*re me". But what he really means is "I'm gonna say something really weird, try and figure out what it means." So I say "No, you're not fired." But what I really mean is "I have no idea what your talking about, but I'm gonna go ahead and hire some people for the warehouse and hope that you eventually start feeling better."........I really hope that's what he and I mean. Bulk or definition? Bruce Kenwood. He hangs out at Plant Fitness. North America...and, diminishing is a little reductive, but uh sure. That's the headline version. FYI, Wednesday through Friday I have a pretty full teaching schedule. Also, FYI, ah, I don't techinically have a hearing problem, but sometimes when there's a lot of noises occurring uh at the same time, I'll hear 'em as one big jumble. Uh, again it's not that I can't hear, uh because that's false. I can. Um, I just can't distinguish between everything I'm hearing. Made it. Yep. He'll be fine. Would you just f*re me, man? You wanna make me happy? Huh? Give me your job. I'll do it better than you. I earned it. I deserve it. I got passed over, God knows why, reasons I cannot and will not understand. The job was mine Andy, everyone said it was mine. Make me manager or f*re me. Also, Darryl, FYI, I already told this to Andy, but uh, you should probably know I technically don't have a hearing problem, it's just when there's a lot of noises... He d*ed. What wa-, what was the last...I'm havin' a- I didn't have time because of my daughter. Hey I'm not gonna tell you this stuff if you gonna throw it back in my face. OK. OK, don't f*re me. I put some guys on tonight. Best of your bunch and my bunch. Tell you now though, it's gonna be mostly my bunch. Here... Why is the forklift in the wall? Jim... [entering office] Hey. So, we saw a new billboard. Yeah? Pretty cool, huh? What better way to announce our new slightly lower prices than with an ad campaign? And what better face for an ad campaign than our new regional manager? You've seen it, right? Andy, somebody defaced it. There's this thing that people tend to do with billboards. How do I put this? If there's an opportunity for a graffiti artist to work in a... phallic shape, interacting with the artwork, it'll happen, and Andy gave them that opportunity. Six months. [entering office] Great billboard! Funny, edgy, right up to the line without crossing it, loved it. Oh, that's funny. Wait, from the photo sh**t with you and me? It's really not. What's the reason, Andy? What's the reason? It's just a garden party. Sheesh. You don't need a reason to throw a garden party anymore than you need a reason to throw a birthday party. It's a garden party. You don't need a reason. What happens when we're done chewing? Do we spit it out on the floor, or keep it in our mouths the rest of the time? Yeah, it's just a picnic. There's a grill in the warehouse I could bring. What's the dress code on this? Any chance Connecticut Casual is Pennsylvania Business, i.e. this is what I'm wearing to your party. Yeah, whoa, who's the sausage? Ah, and did Robert California get an invite to your party? I cannot believe that Andy is throwing a party like this just to impress the CEO. Classic Gabe move. Hey Andy, how about you don't steal my business strategies, and I won't dress like my life is just one long brunch? [on the phone] Andrew, I've picked up two possible gifts to bring this afternoon. One, a pot of marmalade. Well, that, that is what you want then, the marmalade. You don't want to hear the other one. You love marmalade. It's a basil plant. I also mentioned the marmalade to my sister and she's very interested. STANLEY HUDSON AND HIS MISTRESS CYNTHIA! JAMES, PAMELA, AND PEEPEE HALPERT! Andy, stop hovering, you're being really annoying. So, you all work with Andy. I thought you were the CEO. You said you were running the company. Yes, that makes more sense. Are you all regional managers? Did I throw this party to impress my parents? That's crazy. Now, if they wanted a garden party, they could throw one themselves, which, as a matter of fact, they did, last week. They threw one for my baby brother who is totally amazing, but I couldn't care less. Uh, yeah, we don't have too long, we have theater tickets. Money Ball. Walter Jr.'s choice. Hey Bronard! Hello Andy. Thank you. Andy, where shall I put your basil plant? It's not broken, Kevin. This is how it works. We really should be leaving. Yeah, um, it would be weird if the boss man didn't make a toast, so, hang on. Everybody, I just want to take this opportunity to thank you all for coming, and to raise a glass to my amazing staff. Toasts are great. I mean, you toast somebody, they toast you back. It just goes round and round. That's my favorite part about toasts, the reciprocity. I would also like to toast Robert California. Mr. California,... I'll say a few words if that's alright with you, Andy. To Robert California, from the moment you entered our building and our hearts, you... I'm eating, Andy. Okay. Okay. What do you want to do? Oh, whoa, sure? Really? It's a little tricky. It's too high. It's high but it's not that high. Just take it down a little. ...not to say it but if you only knew... More than words is all you have to do to make it real... [singing] May the good lord be with you down every road you roam. And may sunshine and happiness surround you when you're far from home. And may you grow to be proud, dignified and true. And do unto others as you'd have done to you... It'll all be goat. [knocks] Hi. What was that display? Andrew... Bye Tuna, bye Pam! Cheeseburger or hamburger. Narddog. [throws Andy a can] [looking at Angela's costume] Approved! Just some chef. The gorilla from Rise of the Planet of the Apes? Huh? The one who sacrifices his life. It's been out for ages, man. Costume vetoed. Who? This is ridiculous! Why can't there just be two Kate Middleton's? Because I was there. [shows Kelly her cell phone video] Your the people's princess! Diana was nothing! Why is it such a shock that I follow the royal story? Warms my heart, thinking about them two kids, doing it. Here you go. Every Halloween I tell him the same thing - You can't bring w*apon into the office, and every year he says the same thing - As soon as I get my w*apon back I'm gonna k*ll you. But there I am at Thanksgiving, alive, you know. I'm a lucky turkey. Everybody looking good, this is, this is the best we can do? I'm not judging, I, I think you guys look great, I just... wanna make sure this is the best we can do? I just got a text from Broccoli Rob - "Boo!" Scared me. And then I got this text from Robert California - "Looking forward to Halloween party. Expectations are high." Scared the s**t out of me. Yeah. I don't know what to tell you, Jim, but I saw a ghost. Yes, Andrew. And you, on this day of fantasy, are a laborer. Well, perhaps this party will awaken the baby in all of us. Hey. November's sure creeping up, ain't it? Can't stop that month! Hey, what's the jive with Angela and Phyllis helping with the party, you know? But that's it? There's nothing about me, or I? Oh, yeah, sorry. Yes, we can. Perfect. Oh, so we don't have to have that talk. [cuts back to a Happy Birthday cake gushing blood when cut into, a doll melts, a woman eats food and puckers her face] Is that my grandmother? What the hell is going on here? Where is this from? That is so upsetting! I'm sorry. I got confused. I heard you wanted to make the party more adult. But I think I know what to do now [grabs box]. This game is called "pecker Poker". [fighting tears] It's the game of cards that gets you hard. You were going to talk at the end of the... I'm not here. I'm never uncomfortable. Sure. And she's never called here. Unless it's your mom. Two dates? Three dates? [Laughs and shrieks] Closing time. Every office needs an end of the day tradition. Something to tell you the day is over. Otherwise, you go home and the night just feels like more day. It's weird. [On phone] ...W R K. Uh no it's W R K, as in kitten. Oh my boss is singing Closing Time, maybe that's what you are hearing. Let's see. Andy has been manager for a hundred and five days. Which means I've heard 'Closing Time' a hundred and five times. [nods and shakes head] Still don't know the words. Tah wa Ta way hm hm home and home and home. Goodnight. [speaking at the same time as andy] This is atrocious. The ticketing software paints a picture of a sloppy, careless, error prone office. Last week an accounting mistake resulted in a client getting their order for free. Who are they? Andrew sometimes I feel like you don't know me at all. When I come back next week and this report shows me no mistakes, we can talk about names, all day. Our favorite names, silly made up names, normal names said in a silly voice. Wouldn't that be nice? I may have a little solution to our mistakes problem. This is a project I've been working on for quite some time and today, might be the day to use it. [opens folder] Allow me. You're going to love this. [struggles opening folder] Ugh...should've used a shorter string. Never mind, I know it by heart. It is a system that holds people accountable for everyone else's work. Have I not been worthy of your trust? Have I not been a reliable number two? Well, I can make this work. I'll set it up right now. Just need your go ahead. I will do my voodoo. Good luck Gabe. Thank you. The accountability booster. It registers every time a mistake has been made in the office. From a late delivery to an accounting error. Five strikes in a day equals a home run. One home run and you're out. They are making me out to be a Bond villian. I like to think of myself as a brilliant scientist who will stop at nothing to remake the world. Like...not Doctor Moreau someone good. Doctor Frankenstein, Doctor Jekyll, not them. Doctor... But the device will change that. Without a safety net, people will improve. Now we only have four strikes left until a home run. When the stakes are this high, there is only one computer that I trust. And it's powered by thai food and spanish reds. [points to his head] Ohhhh! [pulls out Brandy bottle] Well...I was saving this for my retirement, which I guess is today. Really? It goes out automatically at five P.M. Well, I would have to enter my password in order to cancel it. No. Ha. Ok, alright. Andy back me up here, please. What? I bet he went home. Some of us should go there and talk some sense into him. Get him to stop that email. Yeah. Guys come on. I'm right here. [digging] Oh. Come to reason with me? Get lost. Are you okay, Kevin? [Kevin gives thumbs down] I hadn't heard that before, that's, that's funny. Don't say cow- Ugh. Just don't talk about the email, okay? He's gonna cancel it on his own, I really think he will. Just trust me. I got this. [her text tones rings] Dwight stopped the device! Yeah. Who's calling? You're not going to take it? Ohohohoh. You're not going to get it though? Copy that. Okay. Andy. You have a very important call. Are you sure? It's really, really important. Oh my God. She's dead. She was h*t by a bus. Oh you must take this call. It's... Line 2. [on phone]It's Darryl. Erin told me to pretend to be a cop and say your mom d*ed. Dude. Look man this is a bad idea. Really? That is messed up man. You're a bad man Andy Bernard. That stuff can come back to get you. It's called karma. You do not want to be messing around. I got an uncle... What are you doing with my lunch? It's not pizza. I like the sound of that. Is Kevin in? Yes you are. And another thing. Helen Mirren was born Helen Mironov. That's right. You're fake salivating over a Soviet era Russian. Nice scatting, man. Hey, screw you! Just taking a stroll. What exactly have I stumbled upon here? You're a band. I miss being in a band. Tambourine? You know I'm the CEO, right? I play harmonica. I think I have one in the car. Again, never agreed upon. Usually that life is short and tragic. That's okay, right? You guys mind if they join us? Yeah. Mm-hmm. I might enjoy seeing you guys play the blues. Oh, you know what? This reminds me, Cece needs a new toothbrush. Yeah. Yeah, maybe everyone move one instrument to the right? No man, we are. Oh baby I love your way. Oh my God, k*ll me! Here we go! It's stupid. False alarm. [on the phone] What?! They took another client from us? Okay, bye. Man! Business is w*r! Customers, clients- it's like a w*r out there. I am a leader. But you can only inspire people so much in a place like this. So today I'm turning the inspire-factor up to ten with a little help from my friend America's bloodiest battle. It's right here in PA. Okay, Andy, we get it. It's a trip to Gettysburg. The Civil w*r history industry has conveniently forgotten about the battle of Schrute Farms. [scoffs] Whatever. I'm over it. It's just grossly irresponsible. Well, this could be fun. I- What's the halal option? Out. Guess I'm a sucker for historical fiction. Yes! Cool. Thanks. Cool. Thanks. [puts his hat on Erin's head] And- oh. You missed your head. [laughs and puts hat on Jim's head] There you go. Phyllis, think fast! Ooh. Isn't that the one where the guy becomes limitless? Limitless! Limitless! Limitless! Limitless! [tries stapler/marker combo] Okay. J-j-j-ju... Shh! Movie's almost over. Fun fact. In France, they call Limitless 'The Man with Many Capabilities.' Ooh! All right! Woo! Visitor center. Gonna grab a map for the memorials, right? Yeah, sign says "Begin tour here." Unless you're going on the very specially-created and meticulously-researched Andy Bernard tour. I apologize for my friend and for the Republicans who are cutting your funding. By the way, did we leave all the food on the bus? Yeah, that's what I had for breakfast and I think that's probably why I'm still hungry. That's good. Only two hundred dollars? Andy, this is inappropriate. People d*ed here, man. Get the flag! Get the flag! Come on, Big Tuna. What you gonna do about it? We got a flag right here. Wee-hoo! Oh wow. So that's two miles if you incorporate the walk back. I don't think I should walk anymore. You know all I had for breakfast was oatmeal, yogurt, coffee, orange juice and toast. Two poached eggs. And then half a sandwich on the bus. Oh my. It was just actually cookies the whole time? Hey. Back at the bus. We were locked out. Phyllis is sitting on the ground eating a dirty sandwich. Yeah sorry everyone else didn't come. I think they're just tired. With holes in their shoes. And they have dysentery. What are you talking about? Andy – this whole idea of our situation being just like w*r? It's just not true. We just work at a paper company. And you're our regional manager. And guess what man? You don't have to prove anything. We like you as regional manager. Andy if you don't believe me take a look at what's on my head. I'm wearing a very pink hat. I've been getting weird looks all day because I'm pretty sure "DM does GB" means something kinda sexual. But guess who's wearing them? All of us. Just for you man. That's huge. I hate myself. They just didn't turn out how I wanted. In my head they were cooler, but they do look weird. I know. [Jim pushes him over, Dwight screams] I think you could just do Andy Bernard. [loudly knocking on the window] In four seconds my wife is going to be coming through that door. I told her she could work here. Under no circumstances can that be allowed to happen. [to Mrs. California] There you are! Honey how on earth could you miss the elevator? Hello nice to meet you. Andy would you be so kind as to show Susan around the office. Show her the various departments. Find a place where she'll shine. Andy. Let's see if there's a good fit first. Then we'll talk. Obese people in my office are a drain on resources. Chairs wear out faster, it takes more Freon to keep them cool, they flush the toilets more often, plus their massive BMs bust the rivets on my pipes. But a gym turns fat into cash. Bitttch! Hoo-hoo! Although I was watching a movie and Merryl Streep had two secretaries. Two secretaries could convey a sense of importance and success to our clients. Certainly worth exploring; wouldn't you agree Andy? Good. It seems like you have this under control. So I'll just duck out and run the company for a while. Maybe you do. Hi. I'm Dwight. Sales is really not so hard ok? It's paper. We have it and they want it so bad they are willing to pay for it. That is true. That's me. Well make that a red wine and I'll tell you my animal rankings [makes g*n click noise back]. I was thinking accounting might be a good fit because I really clicked with Oscar and I do have some experience in bookkeeping. Uh I could work in customer service. HR even. Are you telling me that there's no one in this entire office that could use an extra pair of hands? I am the CEO and I am telling an employee of mine what to do. No. Absolutely not. Andrew there must be something you can do. Think. I would be eternally grateful. It's not a bad thing to have the CEO owe you one. So what happens next? [on phone] Say hello grandma. Hold one finger up to Susan. You'll just be a second. You numbskull. You were given a very simple task. I could not have been more clear with you. Now say, "are you taking your medicine?" You didn't say goodbye to your grandma. No. This is all pathetic. How mean are we talking about? Andy! Andy, could you step in here, please? We'll fix this. [chuckles] Please. Andrew, my wife... has brought up an issue that requires your attention. So, uh, if you'll excuse me, I should step out, get to the ATM before that homeless man sets up camp for the night. Do you not want me here? It's okay. I understand. I'm not sure how I would feel about having the boss' wife work for me either. But it is something. Why would you not want me working here? I think I understand what you're going through. My husband can be a very difficult man to read, can't he? Mm-hmm. So he is mixed up in this, isn't he? I know. Well that's a shame. Andy? Andy, just answer the question. No games. Tell my wife you're lying. That's not true, is it? Hello Jim. [Jim tries to escape] [mutters] I know, I do. I feel that maybe, if we take a step back, this is a simple case of anxiety to work with a spouse. No. Yes. All right. Great. [leaves] Yeah. Andy. Hey. Uh, I'm sorry about the position you were put in today. Yeah, I thought we really h*t it off. Well, different circumstances. Who knows? Maybe after all this settles down... It's a date.  [Singing as if he were the dolls in his office] Christmas tiiiime is heeeere! [Normal voice] Wow. Thanks guys, that sounded amazing. Hi, I'm Andy Bernard and I am the first office Santa ever to make holiday wishes come true. Holiday wishes. We know exactly what holiday you're referring to. What is the status on my wish? What about my wish that we don't have to attend meetings that degrade our sense of adulthood? Where? Dark side or light side? Is it by the Sea of Tranquility? Thank you, Andy. She's not your grandmother, is she? Yeah. That's great. When you know you know. Hey, what's Ruth's deal, man? It's been ten days since I had sexual intercourse. I hope so. The corporate party was wretched. I am so tired of the Black Eyed Peas. It's rock-n-roll for people who don't like rock-n-roll. It's rap for people who don't like rap. It's pop for people who don't like pop.....ah, heartbreaking. [gestures to Andy in Santa costume] Oh, thank you. It wasn't me. Kathy wants to leave our clump? Ow, What are you doing? [Jim fights back] Pam never seemed to have a problem with us. What is it? No, absolutely not. Oh. My ex is meeting my sex....which is always scary, you know? And not just because you think they might talk about your penis...that's just part of it. Hi. Wow. Which is funny, actually, because my spine is a mess. Scoliosis. Had to wear a back brace for three years but I never did. [Jessica laughs, Erin exaggerates back curve] Ah..[laughs] She, she is remarkable. Thank you. A thousand. You see? Oops. [hangs up] I hope you guys get married....and who knows? Maybe at the wedding, I meet someone. That's uh, that's the girl you dated. No, she, she seems fine. OK. Hey. Every martini has an olive. Hey, I never told you my Christmas wish. It's about you. [slurring slightly] It's that I wish Jessica was dead. I wish she was in a graveyard! Under the ground...with worms coming out of her mouth. Yeah. Thanks. Did you not... Yes. It is. That's awful. I don't- Yeah. He should pay. O...K. You alright, Santa? Yes. Two friends who are not sleeping together, can they remain friends? Yes, yeah. OK. Alright. I will definitely do that. You know what? You're sitting, and thinking, and it's probably better if it comes from me anyway. I'll see you at home? Bye [kiss]...I still don't get why you can't just call her a cab and pay for it. OK [laughs] Bye. Thank you Santa. You bet. Thank god Erin's getting a ride home with Robert because she is trashed. [laughs] and who better to drive her home than Robert, I mean, what a stand up guy, you know? I mean he's going through a lot, separating from his wife, showing up to the Christmas party in a track suit and a blazer, I know, I'm coming, I'm coming, I'm coming, I'm coming, I'm coming. Alright. [Andy opens back of her van, things fall out] Whoa! My stuff! It's my valuables! This is my treasures, no they're my treasures! No I'm not, I'm gonna sell it on Ebay! No no no, you be careful. Be careful. Where are we? This ain't my street. Ah, this is the posh part of town, huh? Wonder what a studio condo would cost in this neighborhood? What are you smiling for? You thinkin' what I'm thinkin'? Ow! Take it easy. All right, not bad at all. I think we can b*at 20 minutes though so let's try again. Get it all out now if you have to. All right, here we go! Everybody get read in three, two, good luck, one- You can write a book about chairs. Andy, please! Please, just stop. You can do infinite things with paper- Very nice. Very nice sales pitch for our clients that don't know what paper is. Andy, you want us to buy our own paper? Yes! Very good. Gosh, Andy, you had a great quarter. Okay? Robert will understand. Eight hundred dollars is a rounding error! [clicks tongue] Aw... No, I- I'm leaving early today because tonight I have a trivia contest in Philadelphia. Any other crunch time, I would love to stay in, cook the books for you so you can save face in front of your CEO, but tonight is Triviocalypse! It's only the biggest night of trivia of the year. There's a thousand dollar prize. I'm committed to my friends, they're committed to me. You know what? Go. Have fun. I'm in. In Philadelphia. That's a great plan. Yeah. All right, good stuff. You just made a good idea, a great idea. What? I don't believe this. What are you doing here, Andy? What? No! There were times on the two and a half hour drive when I experienced doubt. That's the thing about long drives, you know, you're always going to- this is a gay bar. What does this say about you? That you followed me here? That you think you're going to win your sales quota? At a gay bar's trivia night? [laughs] Good luck. Go on, kid. You know you don't belong here. Okay. Ray Charles famously had this state on his mind. What is its capital? Okay, now, you're not an all-star of the NBA, but you did get your game on when you won the NBA's Sixth Man of the Year award in 2011. Who are you? Nicely done! D.M. Backup Team has three points. The Einsteins have eight points. [the "just-for-fun" Dunder-Mifflin team cheers] Ladies Gaga have five points. [more cheering] That's correct for the Einsteins. [cheers and applause] Sir- Final round. Last two teams squaring off. I hope you're ready to play doctor. Our question is about health and the human body. I will patch you through right now. You sound really pretty today. Okay. Jessica! I love you! That's a message from my mom. Oh yes. How hilarious it is to laugh at clowns, the painted jesters of the dying circus industry. Very funny, Jim. I get it. A beautiful monster cost me my forties and my dream home. I think I'm entitled to the occasional bad day. Hey. Wow. Just stopping by. Got another party to go to. A wife and two kids at home party. [looks at pool] Wow. [sees Andy's hand in his pocket] What are you doing? Gross. I'm getting a drink. Do you want anything? [runs to Andy] Funny how we can be surrounded by people and still feel so lonely. Hi. How is everything? How's your car? Is that so? How about this weekend we take that sucker to a duck pond or something? Maybe get caught in the rain? Oh, like a goodbye trip. Mmm. [they clink cups] No, show me. Dive in right here. Okay. You don't know what you're doing. Ow. I moved them. Pants only need a chair if there's a person in them. Chicken fight! Yup. We could watch some right now if you want. I got a Korean film on my iPod if you want to just- if you have the cables. Yeah, thanks. I'm really glad I found it. Shh. Of course I'm superstitious. What are you talking about? Oh God. [takes off ring] [knocks Erin off Dwight's shoulders] Yes! One more? Here we go! [knocks Erin over] Yes! Wow! I've got this! [Dwight gasps] Charge! Go! Go! [Dwight sinks] Ugh. Same old party, same old people. Am I right? Reminds me of Phyllis's birthday. I know. [laughs] But boy, that Erin. She sure is a ripe little tiger, isn't she? Rroww! And to think, I always thought of her as a second Meredith. Respectfully, I don't want us walking into a similar Angela kind of situation. So I just want to make sure that you are completely, one hundred percent done with Erin. Not what I asked. So then you won't mind if tonight I just go crazy on her, just go nuts, rrargh. With sex. Cannonball! [jumps in pool] Let's do this! So I kind of stepped on this. I think it's yours. The Bernard family seal. Duh. Sorry if your special night was ruined. Oh, you weren't going to do that?  All right guys, clear out. Promise me you're going to clean up. Promise me that- Obviously I'm going to clean up. Hey! Jim's back from jury duty. Hey. Okay. I love maternity wards. It's the perfect blend of love and horror. Things can go so wrong or so right. I am making a citizen's arrest. You have the right to remain silent. You have the right to beg for mercy. You have the right to request judgment by combat. Dwight's rights. Jim was lying about jury duty. He was lying the whole time so he could go do yoga or go canoeing. I don't know what this pervert likes. f*re him! I have Jim on the record saying that the vic- I don't- I don't need to take a chill pill. I really don't want to take the chill pill. [mimes taking pill] Okay, okay. [sits, exhales] But let's just say that Jim was lying about jury duty. You would have to f*re him, right? ...and Pam was just going crazy, trying to take care of Philip because Cece has been out of control recently, and- look, Andy, it doesn't matter. The truth is, I just feel terrible lying to you. Okay. I think the best thing to do right now is just come clean and tell everybody the truth. No. No. Are you sure you can keep this under wraps? They used to call me King Tut because I'm so good at keeping things under wraps. He says, "No!" Boom! Great. And while we're enjoying these delicious empanadas, Jim, why don't you tell us your story again? Walk us through it. What time would you get there every morning? Why? Because my car broke down. Wait, wait. You live by the courthouse. So you drove from near the courthouse, out to Jim's house, and then back to the courthouse? [to Ernesto] I'm sorry, do you have any American Mexican food? Well, I think you handled it pretty well. Okay, listen, all right? Dwight's on to us, he's going to figure it out really soon, so let's just get ahead of it, let's tell the truth. Jim, I got my ass chewed out because one of your orders got messed up. And Andy, you said you drove him to the courthouse. All right, well. Let's get this show on the road, shall we? Allow me to give you a hand. [puts Jim's things in a box] Here we are. So long, clump-mate. I'm going to miss you. Truth be told, I never thought that this was how it was going to end. I always thought that I was going to defeat you somehow. But you've defeated yourself. [laughs] No, no, no. You said- you said that you were- Yes, well, you guys all know Cece, but we wanted to introduce you to baby Philip. Oh my goodness, let's take a look at these. They're usually amazing, so let's see. Yup, they are. Uncle Andy. Oh. Why am I shorter than the table that I'm standing next to? So then this means nothing to you. [rips picture] Just go. Thanks guys. All right, here we go. Let's go. Oh, whew! [laughing] Hi. Nope. OK. What? You can't tantalize me. OK. [looks at watch and leaves] If you make me head of sales one more time, I swear. And here's the fax for you. Ah! Love to learn. So... [points out their matching heart pins] We're pin twins. No, just do one. Two question marks is kind of aggressive. You know it's like wha-what?? Just do one. Yes. Oh my god. Are you kidding me?! I'm supposed to get in an airplane with those nincompoops? We'd never get off the runway. Oh god. It might be innate goodness versus innate badness? But there's an easy way to find out. [knocks on Andy's office door] Oh Andy, gotta few questions for you. Uh, the Florida picks got out, and people were just kind of curious as to why they weren't picked and maybe you could just clarify? Hey. Be proud of your enormous monster baby. I was once an enormous monster baby. Stop calling us "guys". I use the word "guys" a lot when I'm nervous...guys. Stop it! ...Andy. OK hey. I specifically remember there were a lot of other people I thought should be considered. If anybody's going to Florida, it should be me. Every shirt I have that isn't a work shirt is a Tommy Bahama. I'm the only person in this office who watches Burn Notice. Great idea! So why doesn't everyone just take the next five to six hours, come up with a statement on why you feel you deserve to go to Florida and Andy and I will listen to it. For you maybe. Three to four hours. Two to three hours... Come up with a statement in the next hour.... You have two young dynamic people in this office who know trends, who know youth. That's myself and Kelly Kapoor, you need one of us there. Not both. Just one, me. Or if not me, Kelly. Ideally me. Again, youth knowledge. That's what you get when you put Ryan Howard on your special project team...or Kelly Kapoor. Again, not both. Thanks. Ok. Thank you Kevin, we'll let you know. When do we leave? It is real, thank you for saying that. Maybe it's what she does here... Hey guys, any spots left? Either or. But if you can find someone to fill in, I would love to go. Well, [Jim enters] No! No! Absolutely not! You are not going. Over my dead body, no. Andy? Do you shower at night or in the morning? Cause I wanna shower when you're showering. Save some water. What? No. No! (Bleep) I will. Goodbye for a very very long time. Did I say "Messina?" [tires screech] I like it. It's so peaceful, I've already written like, twelve plays today. Hey, can you pick up the pin? Some of us like to work in our bare feet. Can we see that? Did you really find it? There. [phone rings] Yeah? Well I'm not the receptionist. I know, but I can't cover reception. I have a ton of work to do. You're the closest one to it. Whoa, are those mini pizzas? Look at these little mini pizzas. Does this make me look huge? [giggles] Hey guys, look at me, I'm huge. Oh [bleep] yeah. Yes sir. Thanks. Ah, Dwell. No, sit down. "Seasonal." Well, the Christmas shopping season is certainly a busy one, back-to-school is, as well, and in early summer it seems to slow down a bit, but shopping is also cyclical. The menstrual cycle determines every choice a woman makes. You see, during ovulation, a woman's only goal is to get pregnant, and during menses, she is sad that she has failed. And how does the woman console herself? Shopping. Shopping. Just- Jim, could you fetch me some ice chips? Thank you. Just gonna... take a... brief pause at this point. [Jim gives Dwight a bowl of ice chips] Thank you. [Dwight sticks his head in the bowl] Oh, God. Next slide. Hey, having fun? Well I know how it is. I know it's a lot of fun. I don't know how it is. Andy, this is a lame job. What are you doing here? Guys, I don't like this analogy. It's nice. I had two goals today. The first was to make myself the clear candidate for vice president. I achieved that, no thanks to my appendix. The second was to find a memorable souvenir for Philip. For that, I do have to thank my appendix. Hi Andrew. What happened to Erin? Oh, good for her. She's such a sweetheart. You tell her Donna Muraski misses her. No thank you. My friend and I are new here in Tallahassee. Would you like to get a cocktail? [Jim slowly slinks down in his seat, with the 'Jim Face']. Maybe go out for a little dancing. Beautiful day, no? Yes, the conference room is set up. I've got pens, I've got paper, I've got a whiteboard, we are good to go! We are good to goooo! Stop it. Andy. Yes, of course, we could've just been doing this the whole time, but SOMEONE dropped the ball. If anyone's having sex with Nellie for personal gain, it's me, and I'm not joking at all. If you don't tighten your saddle, you may fall off. If I wanted Jamaican food I'd just hire a bunch of bodyguards and go there. Honey, I am not sleeping with- Hope you all like goat. Oh please, anyone can tie a knot, the real skill is in untying it [puts string in his mouth] No, baby girl. It would be messed up if I didn't find anything, but I did, so- At midnight? Guys, we're not gonna settle anything this way. I think we just need to be grown-ups here. I thin we're gonna need to here those texts. She's got a boyfriend. No, you should go for it. I mean nothing would've happened with me and Jim if he didn't put himself out there. Andy this has been an amazing night. Epic. No way. Speaking of pimples, let's release the BLOGGERS! Oh, Andy, guess what happened to me this morning? Listen, it's important. You've gotta hear this. Do you have a black eye? I woke up at 4 am by accident in time for the paper to be delivered. Guess what? Will someone please explain what's going on here? Since the interesting thing happened til now, so much time has passed, it's like my life is buffering. That's true. w*apon. But these were not the kind of people who use their words. Yeah [all murmuring] How can we feel safe knowing that there are gangs here? We should call the police right now! Yes. Police are a hassle. We settled this on the street. Why would you care what the police think of our neighborhood? Yes. Me? Yeah, um... I can't believe you remembered. I do self-defense. Um, I'll go put on my cup. Okay, look, in a real crisis situation, you're not gonna have to time to think, okay? So just remember, I-A-A-T-G. "It's all about the groin." I don't think that's very common. Why are you fixated on this hypothetical transgendered attacker? Well, the most common scenario is a larger man attacking a smaller female. One, two. Forgive me for interrupting. I believe my daughter had an altercation with somebody here, some fancy gentleman with a squeaky voice? You know what? Tiffy's going to college. Oh my God, I think I see the imprint of a ring pop. Okay, I'm at what's called "the decision point." [laughs] Oh boy. Oh no, I'm not laughing at you. I'm laughing at, um, something that Cece did on the playground earlier -- yesterday. This morning. You know why I got h*t by girls? Because I stood up for others. Pam and for Toby.  I stepped in and I didn't care that I was standing up to girls. You may wanna ask yourselves, "Where were you when the girls came?"  [gasps] What?! Why is that? So, he's alive. Well, the way you said it made it sound like he was dead. When the team left for Tallahassee, Dwight told everyone not to touch his treasure. [cut to Dwight holding treasure chest and telling the office "Don't touch my treasure. Ok, you understand?"] Obviously he wants us to obsess about it. There's nothing in there. [has realization] Which is obviously what he would want us to think, making it the perfect place to hide a treasure. Oh god, I'm Wallace Shawn in The Princess Bride. I am dying to know what's in there. Hi, hello. [entering Andy's office] Hey, man. Selling cookies for Jada. Want the same as last year? I'll put you down for shortbreads. [annoyed] All right. That's so weird. There's something wrong with my laptop. [turns laptop on its side] Oh. I fixed it. Yes, this is too tan. This right here- This is a tanned spot. Well, Andy, I'm not coming back. Andy? [notices Andy boxing up things from Erin's desk] What are you doing? We knew. Ryan told us. Thought you checker my Tumblr? Well, I updated it. Aw. Huh. Yeah, that's weird. He's usually here by now. Right guys? Andy, it's Robert. Why aren't you at work? I don't care, I don't care. Please come to work immediately. Okay, I'll try to come in even though I'm really sick with the... He just hung up on me mid-sentence. [screaming as Andy busts out of box] Andy, what are you doing here? It's great to see you. Where's the ring? So, Andrew, how does your skinny brunette girlfriend Jessica feel about you visiting your ex-girlfriend? I think you should leave, young man. No. He just keeps letting all the calls go to voicemail. You should take it. It's probably your girlfriend wondering where you are. You really wouldn't feel those kinds of results after one session. You could put it on silent. [on phone] Andy? Andy, where are you? What? You're in Florida? Andy, Nellie Bertram's trying to take your job. Like, set up camp in your office and is calling herself the manager. I've heard that's amazing when it works. Andy, I care about you and I think-- No, go ahead. Andy, you broke my heart. Do you know what it feels like to be constantly rejected by you and to have to watch you date someone else? You broke my heart more recently and more often. And I think at some point, in my head, it just sort of clicked that we're not meant to be. I know. Look at this wonderful recognition of Nellie's leadership. I believe. [applause continues] Andy wait! [running down street] Andy! Andy wait! Don't go! Andy I love you! Stop! Oh, this is the wrong Prius. I don't love you. I'm sorry. Let's get out of here. Let's go. No, I don't have any stuff. I don't have one. No. I just... there's always one around. I always find one. Have you ever heard of buying a toothbrush? Why is she here? [sings] Going to Pennsylvania. Oh. That must be nice. Oh, no, no, I meant that it must be nice to have parents. Oh. Hmm. No. Yes. Yes. So do I. Important. Order carrot cake. [laughter] Well, Andy, I'm upset, but you did this in the best way possible, and I knew you as a lover and I'll remember you as a gentleman. Okay, that was one minute and ten seconds. [vocalizing] I think we should try again. This time, worst case scenario. [whining] What? [laughs] Okay. [knocks on car window] Andy! Hey, what are you doing here? Well, I know. Look at me. Aww! [clicks tongue] So, I'm Erin. Hi. Okay Andy, that is a bachelorette party, this is Jessica's friends and they've been drinking during the daytime. Should we go? Andy- No, uh, I'll just have some gummy bears. And we come to Matthew. The guy who was with his old girlfriend basically the whole time we were together. [party guests groan] Hey. [grabs Andy] Ahh! You are one of the good ones, nard dog. I dunno. Aww. Are you going to sing for us? That's not like you. That's not like you. Come on, sing! Sing! Maybe we should just go. Uh, yeah, sure. What's up? Uh, yeah. What is it? You're breaking up with me? Oh my God. Are you leaving me for Erin? You said she wasn't relationship material and she wasn't as good as me, but it's her, isn't it? What? I knew it! You invited me to go shopping with you. Andy, you're not gay. I mean, we were... together. And you seemed pretty excitable. I can't say it doesn't make sense... Look, it's fine, Andy. I didn't think we were gonna get married or anything. I just... I'm just upset for now. That was a really rough scene. Yeah. Oh, yeah. [gives him a quick kiss] Yeah. Yes, of course. Ah... I feel really tired. Probably from seeing that turkey. What? Why are we- What are you doing here? Get out! You're done! I mean, normally the rain would make me want to stay home, curled up with a good book. But everybody's being so nice to me today. I'm really happy being here. Hey la, hey la... [simultaneously] ...his girlfriend's back! [others cheer and applaud] Thank you. Yeah. [wearing a Cornell sweater] Thank you. Nellie was nice enough to give it to me. She's sweet. I just wish there was pockets. I've written quite a bit of X-Men fan fiction. Captain Mutato is half man, half mermaid. So he can fight crime as a man and make love as a mermaid. Most of my writing involves the latter. Yes? Oh yes. You are most welcome. No. Mm-hmm. I'm sorry? I'm gonna count down from five and if you are not out of my office, I'm going to dock your pay one hundred dollars. Five... four... On it! Do you want to go again? Let's go again. Five... four... Three... two... one... You got it. Seriously, Angela? I know what, let's go... ten thousand dollars! [Andy laughs] Five... four... Three... Hey. So last night was so not a big deal. We both were. Plus, I was definitely not my normal sexy self. Really. It's not a big deal. Okay, I would like to invite everyone into the conference room. Okay, if you would like to take a seat we can get started. No. Stop that! Dwight! Stop that, stop it. Fine, it was me. I couldn't- I had a problem with Erin last night. Happy? I had a lot on my mind last night. And I didn't perform. Okay? It happens to plenty of guys. It's usually not followed by a giant workplace discussion and an interview. It seems Andy is the only one with this problem. Fascinating. Haven't heard any complaints. Wouldn't care if I did. Yeah Jim. I almost didn't come in today. [laughs] Shut up. Shut up! I am sick of your dumb opinions. And if you don't like the way that I take phone messages, here! [throws phone] Take 'em yourself! And Andy is the manager, not Nellie! Okay, just calm down. Andy, why don't you just take a seat? And why don't you take all your stupid memos and your stupid pens and your dumb caramels? Maybe we'll get sent to anger management together. Andy, we're going to go with Nellie as manager and put you back on the sales team. I promise you, in time, we'll all laugh about this incident. I already think it's kind of funny. [chuckles] Excuse me? Well you can't say no. Look, Andrew, we can discuss the specifics of the job. It's the apology. I really have to insist. Stop saying no. Andrew, if you say no one more time, you're fired. So... is there anything else you wanna say? No. Here- [grabs the box Andy's holding] But you hurt your hand. Right now? I knew this would happen! Everybody told me if I moved to America, I'd be m*rder. We think you might k*ll Robert. because he fired you which means apparently you're living in your car now. Wait, what? You're going to the fundraiser tonight? That's going to be weird. Robert, the senator and I wanted to stop by and say hello. Andrew. [Robert extends his hand.] Oh, Wanna shake my hand, huh? Cause I want to shake your body! [hugs Robert and laughs.] I had you, I had you! So Dwight doesn't understand silent auctions. I guess he's the stupid guy in the office, huh? Up till now, we didn't have one! Wow, that's exciting! But until you firm up the idea, you might want to keep it between us. Sounds like you're doing alright. [telling story to Nellie.] I stepped in right away and start-- Well... So, Thomas Oregon is an evil figure? and the hero, who's that based on? Andrew, I think this may have been a bad idea. Why don't you let me pay for you and Erin to go out to a great romantic dinner tonight? Andy you should leave. Now. I'm sorry, the tables are sold as complete units. And a high five! [Raises hand, misses high five with waiter.] Oh, let's do this again! It's $475! Like candy from a baby! Andy Bernard! How you doing, I'm great! How you doing, are you still with Dunder Mifflin? Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. That's the attitude to have. You know what, when I got canned, I was lost, right? I poured myself into this ridiculous vacuum for toys called Suck-It. Thank you. Why do we love dogs? Want me to tell you why? There is no answer. Our love for them confounds reason! The state senator, Robert Lipton, loves dogs. he asked me if I loved dogs. you know what I said? Yes! [laughter.] Andy, that's very kind-- Andy why don't we discuss this at a-- Mr. Bernard, right this way. Huey is going to need this medication once every 90 minutes. You can administer it orally, but he's going to puke it up. So, other end is best. Don't split up Daisy and Mojo because daisy will start to, uh... I was going to say bark, but it's more of a scream. Uh, no. Kenny's a therapy dog. He apparently thinks you're in some kind of emotional crisis. that's right! Hey, just wanted to check in. See how you are doing. Yeah, he should be! It's his first day without a muzzle. I'm sorry, are you guys nuts? He's not doing great! He was fired! This is terrible! This is literally the worst thing that has ever happened to you, not the best. Yeah, I mean, admitting you need help is the first step! Yeah! Like that rock opera! You could always do that right? No. No he's not. Here, here... Just... Hey. Oh. Andy, if you're gonna hang out for a while, uh... This dumb rule Robert made, he just wants visitors to sign in. No, of course not. It's just – I think it's like if we make an exception for you, then we have to make an exception for the water guy, and then, it's like, where does it end? So just... [puts visitors tag on Andy] Screw ‘em. Binghamton branch closed last night and their clients are up for grabs. What the hell's all this? Where's the Advil, Jim? I think I've h*t my limit on the Tylenol – Oh. Andrew, what do we have to do to get rid of you? Hire you back and send Erin back to Florida? How do you mean? I have decided. Neither of you are to have any contact with either Prestige or any other Binghamton client until I have figured out how to divide things up. As Solomon once said... [Andy walks out] 1. Here we go! [turns on wipers] Oh, do you have an appointment? Okay, I think I can squeeze you in. Uh, I think you're gonna need to have an Asian fetish. Yeah. [chuckles] It'll be upsetting if you don't. Why haven't I heard of you? You got any references? Uh-huh. Every salesman I've ever met has given me his personal phone number. You want me to drive to your house if I need paper. Mm-hmm. Yeah, hello? You're blackmailing me. Ah, well, I will not be blackmailed by some ineffectual, privileged, effete, soft-penised debutante. You wanna start a street fight with me, bring it on. You're gonna be surprised by how ugly it gets. You don't even know my real name. I'm the *bleep* lizard king. [disconnects] [opens door] Andy Bernard. Um... I'm in the middle of a piano lesson. Dunder Mifflin. [closes door] Now... why would I want that? It's worth half of what it was three years ago. If I were Val, I would break up with Brandon. Then I would date the hell out of me. I wouldn't give in to me too fast, let me buy myself some nice dinners and such. But when I finally did give in, I would go crazy on myself. How's it going, man? Oh God. No, you don't understand- I don't need anyone to- That's not even a thing. Andy. Andy. Why don't you clean the carpets for today? You're welcome. Up you get then. Pick yourself up. There it is. You don't need to- Is a mop the most efficient tool to use on a carpet? Yeah, it is actually. Really? This is getting more and more delicious by the minute. [gargles alcohol, chokes, coughs] It's go time. Well, I don't want any soup. I know this is going to be a great payoff. But after you're manager, some of these images are going to be hard to shake. You're dirty, you stink of booze, you're limping inexplicably. You h*t her? He's not hitting me. But, he's been verbally abusing me- I can refer you to someone to talk to. Give you a name or- What? David Wallace hasn't worked here in years. Even I know that's weird. Hey, Andy, Nobody's calling you crazy, Andy. We're your friends, Andy. No, he's not making this up. Oh my God. Andrew, it's time for you to go home. You're better than this. Okay, I guess the word is out. Uh, please keep this a secret, but yes, I've been talking with Andy- I'll get to that in a second, Andy. Yes, as we've discussed- But it's very possible- Probable. Yep. There's an official announcement, a few details to be- Now that is a great question, Stanley. Right now I think all your operations or most of your operations are pretty much down in Florida, so to shift back up- Please. [laughs] Perhaps your year of experience managing this branch will come in handy. Cool. May I say one thing? The quality of mercy is not strained. It droppeth as the gentle rain from heaven upon the place beneath. It blesseth he who gives and he who takes. 'Tis mightiest in the mightiest. I just want one mother[bleep] delicious moment. Is that too much to ask? Special projects manager, that's my background. I just go around doing whatever I want. Oprah Winfrey's leadership academy and other schools like it, while wonderful, end with high school. I want to see these girls right through college, especially the gymnasts. They've lost so many years of crucial education to perfecting their bodies. Muscle groups the rest of us can't even fathom. Yeah, so I'm hoping to identify some truly exceptional women who show great promise. Well, Andy, it's been fun. Andy's here! Old Dwight, new Dwight, Andy's here. New Jim, Tuna, Andy's here. Pam, he's here. [squeals as Andy walks in] It sounds amazing, tell us all about it. Wonderful, thanks. Brilliant. Pete! What? Why? No I'm not. No, I prefer Fart. I don't either. Yes, yes I am. [puts his arm around Clark] Those guys always change back, Angela. Hey you wanted to see me? You can only f*re Nellie for cause. Except you just told me you were gonna make it up. Now if she sues, I have to testify against you. Can't. I took a course at the Weintraub Memory Academy. I sat next to this woman named Beverly Brook. She had a Greek salad for lunch. See what I mean? Fine. For any interested candidates, I will be conducting 20 minute interviews. My ideal situation would an independently wealthy cute couple with a strong commitment to education. Black or white, I'm fine with either, but not both. [to Pam] Listen, you're in this, but you need to wow me, ok? No I'm going to make sure that it is. And if it isn't, I'm going to take immediate action to rectify that. Now, I don't like to throw around the b-word, but I'm going to be a huge b*tch to you. Now this is called slack lining. I set up the old slack line to teach the office the skills of focus and discipline. Or in the case of certain individuals, the skills of humiliation and looking really dumb. Iceman. I have nothing in common with Plop. Oh, I would rather watch you and your talented friends. I'm very self-conscious about my feet. This seems like the kind of thing white people with dreadlocks do. Uh, I guess I could give it sh*t. Go, Dwight Jr! Alright, let's see you do it. Alright. Let me show you how a real man walks across a flaccid cord. You got this, it's all you. [as Dwight repeatedly fails and gets smacked around] Got ourselves a yard sale. b*lls in face. It's not a race, Dwight. Oh, it's nothing to do with me. I just happen to be sitting near to where the bins are. No, I'm familiar with spinning. It's just that wouldn't work with a chore wheel because people might get the same chore- I will not be participating as there is no evidence that charity works. Thank you, Andy. Sounds like a plan. Yeah. Uh... couple of button-downs, a camisole, a blazer, a pencil skirt, stilettos, maybe, no, no, not maybe, definitely open-toed. Uh, something low-cut because the camera makes everything seem higher cut. And then, you know, maybe just a robe to wear in between takes but I probably got one she can borrow at my place, so- I absolutely will do that. Everyone, we have a voluntary meeting in the conference room to discuss Erin's confidence. Andy made me his consigliere. Which means Assistant Regional Manager. I guess he thought I'd be into The Godfather 'cause I'm black. Wrong! I'm into The Godfather 'cause I'm a cinephile. I like Scarface 'cause I'm black. [to a full conference room] Erin has an audition to be a newscaster. [general acknowledgement] OK, um, I like Erin's hair. It's a very pretty color. I'm sorry. This is for a news audition? Then why are we talking about her looks? Why not her credibility? Or her reliability? No, I watch the news. A little bit here, a little bit there. I bet you didn't think I knew current events. For Channel 11 news, I'm Erin Hannon. For Channel 11 news... I'm Erin Hannon. That was a good one. Got it. For Channel 11 news... [very long pause] I'm Erin Hannon. [answers his door to find Erin, Andy and Pete] Hey! Everybody. Come in. Come on in. [news anchor audition] The victim was released from the hospital with second-degree burns. Well, he tried to but the f*re door was blocked. Aw! Yep, she's done. Great! Let's get some food. I'm starving. OK, I don't. I'm hungry. Yeah, whatever you say, boss. OK. It's just that I am taking my driver's license test in two days, and I need to practice with an experienced driver in the car. But I've had no time to do that, thanks to "Demandy"...[Points to Andy's office with her thumb]. I just want to h*t the open road and drive, man! But...in who's car? Well, it turns out, you are a distant blood relative of Michelle Obama! Wife of Barack, loves gardening, wants to wipe out fat children. [silently mouths] Wow! This is super-flattering. She's the most popular person in America. This is a big day for both of us. I was intimidated by Andy's family before. And now I have to see the First Lady at holidays? She's gonna be like, "What's your stance on politics?" Or, "What is the best w*r to do?" And, I will just be like, "Duhhhh!" Life hacking, man. Andy, you gotta check this out. He just showed me—[gets interrupted by Andy]. Tracee Ellis Ross. Daughter of the First Lady of Motown, Diana Ross. What?! Really? [chuckles in agreement] Huh ha! That's cool, man. Right? Well, if there's another explanation, I don't really see what it could possibly be. I—[gets cut by Andy barging into the convo] Andy! Andy! No! I would be very polite today. Your connection. To Michelle Obama has certain... negative connotations. Most likely, your family were—sl*ve owners. Whoa! That person has really gotten him or herself into quite a predicament. Yes, yes, yes. I included some time saving ideas... Look, Andy, even if your ancestors did own slaves, it wouldn't be your fault. This is only weird if you make it weird. Angela insisted that all the animals be fully clothed. Vos! Because of your slaves. Well, if it makes you feel any better, the dothraki word for "sl*ve master", "attafrauk!", is a term of respect. I'm learning how to speak dothraki! Color you impressed? People laughed at Klingon at first, and now you can major in it. Hey boss! I am so thirsty. Could I have a scoop of water? Yeah. You don't have to ask me.[Phyllis lets out stifled laughter] You're a cocky little thing, aren't you, Pam? Ew. And John Wayne? Wayne Johnson? The Rock? Pam always says I look like Nixon. That's crazy, right? I mean there's nothing there. True—[touches his nose] Oh no. Was a member of the Bund. Which is not technically the same thing as the n*zi party. So...[clears throat] Oh. I was joking about that whole Bund thing. Oh ho, the look on your faces! Hahhahahahahah! Hahahahahah! Yeah, Andy. The difference is, Andy, that you're the only be here still benefitting from the terrible things that your ancestors did. Your family's rich! I have to believe that a big part of the Bernard fortune was earned on the backs of slaves. Really? We merely transported them. Which at worst, makes us amoral middlemen.[Clark begins to clap but Pete immediately stops him.] Actually, Andy, you promised me five minutes to talk about productivity suggestions— That could work. I'm going for a walk. Dothraas! chek! [giggles]  Dunder Mifflin! That's me.[repeats] Is this like a blooper reel? I deserved that. That was a triple. My pleasure.[Clark and Pete are shown on screen]Video Hey, I'm Pete, puberty is such a drag, man. And I'm Clark! I like to eat toilet paper. [Clark and Pete wave at camera] We fail! [Video shows memorial of Jerry] What was that? That was just a normal video with you making vulgar noises. Uh, what happened to that video I sent you? I think I got it right here.[Cheering on screen, Andy struggles with lifting water cooler, then falls over dumping the fluids on himself][Group laughs] Fail! Fail! Fail!... It stands for electromagnetic field. Generally cause by a concentration of wiring in one area [Erin marks red tape X on the floor] Especially if they're poorly insulated. Dwight. You think I have a machine for measuring bee hives? Andy, could I have a word please? Um, it won't take a moment. It's extremely important and it really has to happen now. Oh, please don't use the hourglass. I'm trying to adopt a baby. And the...agency require a character reference from my employer. You wouldn't have to do anything. I would write the letter myself and you just simply sign it. So. It's not..it's- Well then if I could just convince... You. Entrapment if I'm.. ..writing.. Fine. Yeah, OK then. What's this? Andy! Pies! Pies! Pies! Pies! Pies! [Dwight pulls over to pick up hitchhiker] Thanks. Playing a little hookey from work today....Oh my god. Hurry it up for god's sake. They're gonna be out of banana cream! Andy? Um, is this a good time? Oh, why, is there something? Ah well, perhaps I could rewrite some of the- Regular? Or lady on her back? You used lady on her back, didn't you, you freak. Yuck, gross. Never mind, Jim. I don't think that's Nelly. Oh. Oh, you signed it? You did it. [bored] Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, well, get used to it, bud. The senator will be joining us later. No, it wasn't. [singing] [sings Karma Chameleon] What lab did these little clones escape from? You went to Cornell? I do. I love the boss's interests. Where you boys stayin? How does it work in the rooms? Do you get a privacy partition? No. Nope. Nope nope nope. Stay away. I'll get my apprehension kit. [mumbled responses] I know that it's pathetic to re-live your college years, but cut me some slack, Okay? Because I was a freaking rock star in college. When I joined Here Comes Treble, that's when I became somebody. When I got the nickname "Boner Champ," that is when I became me. Did you say you've got A*DS? No, I don't have A*DS. That's not what I said. Next question.[awkward silence] I thought Broccoli Rob was the Boner Champ. I just thought Broccoli Rob was the Boner Champ. It's Halloween. That is really, really good timing. [on computer monitor] I'm so sorry! I don't know how that could have happened. I just-- I just started yappin' about the old days, and I guess the wine coolers were flowing, and, you know, somehow things just got hinky. Will do. I love you, Andy. [whispering] I don't know. I just don't know. [mumbling] Hey. Yeah, I got a call from Broccoli Rob. I guess you really are the Boner Champ. No. All having this wonderful Halloween gathering. Excuse me, is that punch? What is with these turkeys? They weren't really talking that much about money. They just said, We're good with investing and then I...and I... Yes! All right! [singing ‘Faith'] [on flat screen tv] [singing lead of Faith] She said you wanted to hear ‘Faith'. That's Broccoli Rob's signature song. I really didn't know that man. I just thought you wanted to hear it. I thought you were Adam Lambert. [on screen] He's still mad. Champ, I feel awful about this whole thing. Russell called me up. And they said they needed 20 cc's of George Michael stat. So just... Wham! I sprang into action. You know me. I assumed you wanted to hear me do your signature number. Look, it's not my fault that I still live near campus, and it's my duty as an alum to be friendly to the young guys., and stop in two, three times a week. I tell you what, we'll have a sing-off for it. You pick twelve alums from any year to back you up and I'll do the same, and I'm so confident that I'll win, I won't even warm up. My pipes are primo, Champ. Why don't you ask Trey Anastasio about my pipes? He said, and I quote, ‘Hey Rob, nice pipes'. That happened! Okay! It turns out, that Pam? Really, really hates ‘Monster Mash.' I mean like, never bring that song up in front of her. Even though Jim was making great points, like, in favor of the song, Pam was like, No! Hate it! Stupid! [laughing] Yeah. Oh well, Andy, we're not moving to Cornell. Yeah. Oy. Andy, what's going on? Well, um, you know maybe you're the wise old guy that the new uh, B-O-N-E-R champ looks up to. You know, you could just-- Well, I was gonna say, be a mentor. He says Thank you. What's wrong? I know you saw me with the Senator. I think I'm in love, possibly for the first time. So yes, Senator Lipton and I are having an affair. I hope that I can count on your sensitivity, maturity and discretion. [turns to see Kevin has overheard him]...Why? Or we can hope for a holiday rally? Right? Hey, so that good looking single brother of yours? Heard he's on a downward spiral with booze. Which place? The one right near Philly? I could be there in an hour. Oh...So..- how are you holding up? [walking away] Tricky siskel spat a bit of wicked biscuit.... Perfect. She could get like sixty packages of Ramen noodles for five bucks. She could eat for a month. If we sell everything but the boat, your mom should be set for about six months. I would if I owned it and I went broke. Alright, uh...alright. I'm gonna tell the lawyer to pull the trigger on the boat. [muffled by watermelon teeth] Hey! My teeth are all this stuff in my mouth. [laughs] Oh, I just need your signature on this. Ok, who wants to go for a super fun lunch with a super fun girlfriend? Ok, come on. I got someone to cover the phones, I heard on the radio about a new cupcake place we could go for dessert...perfect. Well, when does the boat leave, exactly? Then screw lunch. Let's go for a sunset sail. Ok, well then let's leave like right now. Yeah! OK! Let's go. Of course, seriously. Get your coat on. Alright. That's yours? Oh my gosh, Andy! This is enormous! Move. Trying to rig a boat here. I don't know how to do that when you're standing in the way. I'm not a ghost, so I can't walk through people. Gee, he was salty. What does that one do? I wish I had seen you do it. Yeah. Don't do that. Don't do that. Nope. Can't do that. We've already started boarding. And no one is insured to rig her up right now except us. I can smack you all day if you keep touching what you're not supposed to touch. OK. Good stuff. Well, we're doing it. We're finally having a picnic on the boat. Andy, you never had to sail the boat to be a man. As long as we're on this boat, as far as I'm concerned, you're the captain. Yeah. Yeah. What? I hate to uh, ruin this moment...or breakdown, but you already signed the papers. So, if you want your boat back, you can pick it up there in the Bahamas in 10 days. OK, no. I already said, you're not getting back your deposit. Do you even know what you're doing? Oh god, thank goodness you're here. I was having a little trouble with this door. Yesterday. I um, I think it was yesterday. Yeah, uh, I just, I figured I'd get that first relapse out of the way. God, what's happened to our family? Everything is so messed up! How did you even know I was in here? Bahamas, Andy. I totally forgot about the affair for a minute. [laughs] Oscar is having sex with the senator and Angela doesn't even know. [laughing still] Her life is a complete sham! [Standing on dock] Oh, you know. Just being a good girlfriend. Yes, I am very pleased I did help Andy. Would I have gone with him if he'd asked me? On his sailboat cruise to the Caribbean? Yes. I think it would have been really fun and romantic. Hey bro! It was here all along. [holding guitar] Way!  Andy. Don't you have any sunblock? Last week Andy set sail for the Bahamas to sell his family's boat, and he took his brother, but not me. I was kind of sad at first, but then I remembered that Bob Marley song -- No, woman. No cry. Andy, it's Darryl. Take your drawers off your head. Oh, Andy, was.. was that your drinking water? Oh! He's been sailing for two days. [laughing] Yeah. [acting as Andy] Why thank you Mr. Schrute. I don't know how you do it. You're a god. Rick-a-d*ck-d*ck-doo. [as everyone returns to the office] Ah, geez. My nails aren't dry yet. I don't think I can work for at least a couple hours. Andy. Andy! [obviously avoiding Andy's embrace] Yes. [gives Andy high fives] Welcome back, buddy. What happened? We thought you were coming back tomorrow. Hey, Burning Man, if it's not selling out too much, you might want to throw on a tie. David Wallace is gonna be here in an hour. No. Please. Come on, Clark. Wallace knows that he's been gone for the last three months. [Andy stalls] Right? Wallace does know that you've been gone for the last three months? He only emailed me four times. He and Pam are having their Valentine's Day lunch. So, you're concerned about peoples' long absence from their place of work? Crying? Thank you. Yes! [laughing together] Yeah! You were on a boat. On a boat. In the ocean. I'm not gonna say it. Not a word. No! [Andy makes a call] What do you think you're doing? [on phone] Hello? Oh, Andy. Really? Coolio. Coolio. Coolio. No, Jan! Please do not listen to this boob! Remember Clark. He gave you everything. Everything. Tell Angela to send me a final invoice. Please Ja, Ja... [Jan hangs up] Aw! That was not how I had hoped that would go. Yes, well, as you know, we get paid on Fridays. And you haven't been here for 12 Fridays. [hands Andy a folder] It's a bonus check. For you. From Wallace. Because the branch exceeded it's targets over the past quarter. A quarter's three months. That's how long you've been gone. Uh-huh. Fine! The state he's in, Wallace will take one look at him and probably f*re him anyway. OK. Well, we had the Scranton White Pages. [enters] Hey guys. Sounds great. Don't let me interrupt. What ever you guys have been doing this last quarter, I couldn't be happier with the numbers. Well, finish up. I'm gonna meet with Val about that warehouse guy you had to let go and you and I will talk in 15 minutes? [leaving] Great job, everybody! [interrupting] ... lit the whole thing on f*re. It was crazy. Yeah. Whoa. We started selling balloons. Yeah. And, uh, Kathy Ireland signed on as the official spokes-babe of Dunder-Mifflin. Yeah. In the European billboards, she's gonna be topless. They're tasteful. Good, good. What else? What f*re? It looked fine to me. OK. [preparing to leave] Thanks, Andy. [enters Andy's office to find him playing güiro] Fish sounds great. Really playing the scales, huh? I don't love you anymore. I still like you, but you were gone a really long time. And, you didn't really email me all that much. You retweeted me, a lot to be fair. But I don't love you. I just said there isn't love. I guess. You got really sunburned. Ugh. You really think we can get that back? ...No, you lied to me Andy. You pretended to be in this office for three months and you were sailing on your boat! Really? [reading from phone] "Hey David, all is good in Scranton PA." "By the way, Oscar says 'hi'" Andy. Andy! Watch it Andy! My wife? Yeah? Has it? Shh. Andy. Shh. I'm not gonna f*re you. No. I wouldn't own the company if it wasn't for you. So...I owe you that. We are even...now. Understand? Got it? You are on very- Hey, very thin ice. Vanilla. [David looks confused] Vanilla Ice. It was a band. Good morning. And how are you on this fine- [chokes up, runs into office and slams door pulling the blinds closed] [Crying] Ok, we ready? [cut] Don't use that part. Last week, Erin told me that our relationship would be proceeding without me. Now I have to see her everyday at work. Which is...brutal. When people say office relationships are a good idea, they never talk about what might happen if you break up. Ugh. Uh, not on a three month boat trip. How dare you? I... ..just have some messages for you. Well no, they're from clients. I can't. I- These are messages from clients who want to buy paper. Well I only want to talk about work right now. Perfect height, yeah. I was just leaving. I don't know. Women do tend to move on quicker than men. Look at it this way, being a bachelor is not all bad. I mean, you've got your freedom now. There you go, good for you. You just let it all hang out, that's what... Step on it! Andy, don't. No good can come from snooping. Tell us! Put it down. Boo. Told you so. Man, you can't do that stuff. You'll only find pain. When my ex-wife got into my e-mail account, she was devastated. Hey. Yeah. [long pause] You were gone. For a long time, Andy. Andy, just so you know, there was no overlap. What? Andy? Andy. I'm trying.. Andy. You can't f*re- I'll be in the annex. Alright? I'll be in the annex. Toby! You can't f*re Pete. You understand why, right? Oh, Andy, we had this exact same conversation when you wanted to get rid of Nellie. You can't just get rid of people over grudges. Alright, well look. While I have you here, this is a relationship disclosure form for Pete & Erin. It's just boiler plating, you don't have to read it. I already signed it. I was just showing you. [Mouths] Oh my god. Hey boss, I did everything I could. I invited Pete out for drinks, I emailed him sh*ts of my junk.... Come on Andy, they're a good match. Hey, Andy. You've got a booger bubble going on there. It's ok. Hey. You got a sec to talk? Yeah. Look, uh I understand breakups are tough. You know, it happens to all of us at some point in life. But you've gotta move on. Listen to him, Andy. He's trying to tell you something that you really need to hear. I do think we can have a fair.... Is there like somebody who's in charge of marketing? Maybe I should sit near him or her. Hi. Hi. [laughs] Good. I'd love to discuss strategy with you if you have a marketing p- Andy, that is really inappropriate. It is awkward. This is a really uncomfortable situation that you've contrived. Yeah. It is so unpleasant. You? Hey, love turds. Conference room, now. Honestly, it was a little weird. ...a lot of the time. Hey, Andy, is this at all work related? Because I had to wait- [all argue] So, it really is just about the cupcakes. No, no. It's the principle of the thing. What did you do, Andy? Why would you ask me? [he and Andy embrace each other in tears] My night was just like that. [cuts to him and Andy trading clothes] Meaning normal. Ugh. Ew. Toby, how do you propose that we- She's listening to 50 Shades of Grey. It's OK guys, she's no longer horny. Wait, what? It wasn't so bad. Andy, are there documentary groupies? I have been very honest with you guys. In a way that could seriously impact the political career of a very good friend of mine. You're not going to use any of that, are you? [on phone] Hello, honey? I just spoke to the TV repair man, he says we need to keep our TVs turned off for a couple of months. Something about the wiring. Love you! [Oscar hangs up] God. Good night Andy. So when something as routine as elevator maintenance happens, and people are forced to expend cardiovascular effort, we have to compare it to the end of time. What? [gasps] What does it say? Well, the alert was already set to "Red" because of Stairmageddon. You think I should set it to "Double Red"? Ouch. Sorry, Andy, that's-. "A possible explanation for his lack of career focus is his surprising musical talent." I will. That's all right. Andy—[knocks] I need to talk to you. Stanley is refusing to go out on a sales call. So what I'm hearing you say is, "Make Stanley go out on the sales call by whatever means possible"? Mm-hmm. Good luck. Ooh, there's Angela! I work with her! Her hair looks beautiful. There's someone else I need to thank. His name is Oscar Martinez. Let's get him inside. Carla Fern is not just an actor's agent. She does writers, directors, travel, and real estate. Oh, no. [chuckles] Well, I have an act. Dog, cat, mouse. If started by accident as these things tend to do. You know, I was setting down my cat, and I accidently put her on top of my dog, and I was, like, so mad at myself at first. And then I was, like, wait. Wait a second. Yeah. Little hat. Yeah. So, what can you do? Can you drive a car? Why do you have, uh, a high school musical here on your resume? What are you, like, 40? 45? Gyllenhaal, got it. Can you juggle and crap? Would you dress up as, say, a birthday clown and go to a kid's party, let ‘em throw pies at ya? Well, Mr. Bernard, I'm gonna be honest with you. Uh, no. We're—we're gonna take you on as a client. We are extremely excited to be working with you too, sir. Pay Todd on your way out. Uh, it doesn't include headshots. No. We are now down to an elite eight. Well, seven and Toby. It does not say dangerous. And there's no exclamation point. Well I'm just trying to bring some life to it. Andy? You wanted to see the gooey eye. Alright, it's getting gooier so we'll just do it later. Something full of acid. [claps] That was great man. Alright, I'm out of here. Oh, we're supposed to call everything we don't want to do "opportunities." Hey! Who's Carla Fern? Why wouldn't you use your own life? Erin just dumped you. But you just! Do you need an agent? I was in The Whiz in high school. Can I take your picture? We just need a picture of the top of your head in case we burn some of your hair off. No, if you could just keep it down until.. We are rolling and...action! Ok, um, stop. Um, why are you smiling so much? Ok, well maybe no smiling on this one. I don't know, just like you're reporting the news or something. Ok? Ok. Who was that? Ok here you have just knocked over the beaker, the chemicals splashed in your eye. Yeah. That's great. So what you're gonna do then is come over here to the eye washing station and then just kinda flush out your eyes. You know, get the chemicals out. Alright? Yeah, yeah just hold your lids open with one hand and let the stream bathe your eyeballs. Dude, we don't need you to go nude, OK? So just do the eyewash, Ok? That's all we're asking. Hold up, I'm looking at my spit with a microscope. So? So Andy, so you know how to use this. You step on the pedal, water squirts in your eyes. Oh god. Andy Bernard can't squirt water in his eye and act like it doesn't freak him out. But you know who can? Older Male Lab Assistant Number One. Here we go. Rolling and... action! Yeah. That's fine, we'll move on. Action! Kid can act! Beesly! Oh, my god. Ah, definitely blue. For now, yeah. I was spreading myself way too thin— Uh, well, it took me a while, but I finally realized that I can't give 100% to two things at once you know. Yes, there's Andy! Andy is in. I'm a good receptionist, I know he's in. Hey, Andy. Can we go in your office and talk? Andy— Uh-huh, but— So you think you've been too focused on your job? So you—you want to quit Dunder Mifflin to pursue acting? Uh, well, I guess I can't stand in the way of a man's dream. And it seems like you have the gift. There's probably no way I can talk you into staying at this point, can I? Well, good luck. That's fine with me. But be careful, it is very easy to get lost in Pete's beautiful, dead eyes. Uh, uh, uh, uh, Andy was not fired. Oh, Andy. I just think you're going into this a little fast. Show business is cold. Let's say you get a job, which you probably won't. They're not gonna cut you any slack. You're meant for a job with lots and lots of slack. All right. I get it. The male is a funny species. We don't just tell each other how we feel, that's chick stuff. So instead of saying, "Hey, Andy, I love you, man. I don't want you to leave." You say something like, "Hey, Andy, you're making the worst mistake of your life. You're not talented." Well... right back at you, Darryl. Andy, we just wondered if we could have a word. Well, we just had a quick question about this decision of yours. You know, to leave a stable job and pursue a career in the entertainment business. In your late 30s. With no savings to fall back on. And no real connections in that business, which can be competitive. Our question is—it seems dumb. Of course. But what if you were to stay here, you know, and "full-ass" it? Um, really give it a go. Be the greatest manager in the history of this branch and in that way achieve the fame and immortality that you seek. Hmm? Well, Andy, your plan sucks, okay? Nobody is going to hire you ever. You're too character-y to be a lead and you're not fat enough to be a great character actor. Hello. Big day for you. Thank you. Oh, yes. This is exciting! You're finally gonna get to go out and flap your wings. Oh, I doubt you'll make it. Very few do who've tried to be a star. But, listen, you've saved up enough money to take a couple of years off to pursue your dream and have some fun, right? Andy, I have nothing to gain from getting you to stay, and everything to gain from you leaving. But please, I have known you for years, I have seen you perform. Dear god, don't quit your day job. You're bad. I'm gonna make it. Every person that has been on Conan has a crazy story about how they made it. Every person. So true. Is there a question, or are—what? Bluntly? Yes. Huge mistake. Andy, honestly, I think you might become homeless. Or maybe even starve. You can stay on as a salesman, Andy. Exactly. Hey, good choice, man. Seriously. Don't want to see you in a p*rn next year. Ooh, there's a great play about a salesman. I don't think so. No, this one was written by Spongebob Squarepants. [climbs up on desk] Dwight Schrute is manager! [everyone cheers and applauds] Yes, it is. Carry on. How did I just abandon my dreams so quickly? It's cause I had a fallback. That's the problem. When you have fallbacks, it's just easy to give up. When Cortez landed in Mexico, only way he got his men to defeat the Aztecs was by burning all of his own boats. So they could never return home. Huge d*ck move but very effective. I need to be that same kind of d*ck to myself. What's it now, dream or no dream? Oh, don't look at me cause I think you're making a terrible choice. All in! Whoo! Okay, then, Andy. Andy, you know I can't do that. It'd be lying. Yeah, I'm— I can't. [fending Andy off] Oh, come on. Andy, no. No, no. No, no. Andy. What do you think that was about? We put the past behind us, though, Andy. Enough, Andy. Enough! Oh my god. Andy. What are you doing? Yeah, okay. That's not what I mean. You don't have to leave because you said you would. Don't let pride ruin your whole life. Okay? It's not worth it. Ugh. No, that's not— No, none—No, stop. It's just— Okay. Well, have a good trip. Good luck, Andy. Thanks. You know, Andy, you could just say a really nice goodbye. Manager of Dunder Mifflin? Check. Owner of a 1600-acre beet farm? Check. Engaged to be married to an actual milkmaid? Check... on that later today. This is my grandmother's ring. It was made from a b*llet I took out of her left buttock. She was a moonshiner sh*t by Adolph Coors. This is my grandmother's buttock b*llet ring. Ok, thanks. Go ahead and get in the back of the line. Yes! This airs tonight? Oh my god. If my parents see this, I am toast. Whoo-hoo! Casey Dean! Cincinnati, Ohio! [singing] Doctor, doctor, gimme the news, I got a great Casey Dean for you. America wants it! [singing] Casey Dean! Man, those are some nice pipes. What's your name? What're you listening to? Oh, sweet. Thank you, thank you so much. And thank you for your patience. And we hope to see you guys within the next five to seven hours. Now, just to give you a couple parameters of the show, each of you will sing a song for thirty seconds, after which our judges will decide if they want you in their a cappella group. Now, each group will start with 90 singers, which will compete in a series of singing and physical challenges. Oh, and look out for that pesky mole! Oops. I'm not supposed to—I'm not supposed to say that. All right, no mole. Forget I said it, all right? Good man right there. I'll see you guys inside. Good luck, all right? What? On a roll much? That was amazing, man! Yeah, you made a personal connection with him. I just hope that if my buddies who are still in Afghanistan see me win, they'll feel like anything is possible. Over at the porta-potties, they were interviewing a homeless, single mother with three kids. Yeah. I don't know. But I'm getting really worried here. Where are you going? Smart baby. That's the most flavorful bond. You're back! No, I know. You did a really great job. You even look shorter. Oh. Oh come on! Hey! But thanks for coming out and be sure to watch America's Next A Cappella Sensa— Okay. No, you're not, sir. Please don't. He's not that smart. He doesn't know where I hid his duck. What is this? No, you're a middle-aged man with a lot of makeup on. Gabriella was our last audition. Thank you. Goodbye. Flag on the play. What is this song? Listen, all right, thank you very much, we're not interested. Look, man, you're not terrible. We've heard a lot of really good singers today and you're just not good enough. Can he do this? Look, you gotta go. [Andy falls to his knees, sobbing] You can't just sit here and cry. Sir, please. This show is about me and my attempts to find love in all the wrong places. Hey, how was the singing show audition? Mose has been weird? That's so unlike him. You can't just sit here and cry. Oh, I can so just sit here and cry! [still crying] Bye! [alone in cab} After Dwight fired me, I moved to New York to write the great American novel. I have six roommates. Heh. Which are better than friends, you know ‘cause they have to give you one month's notice before they leave. You're back? Hey man, good to see you. [hugging Andy]. Andy... Andy, I've been worried about you. How are you? Poor, poor Andy. Darryl! Hey, what's up? What? Must've been another devilishly handsome debonair individual. Hey, man. How are you doing? I, um...I didn't call ‘cause I figured you changed the number. What? Ooh! [enters] Darryl! Andy! We're fine. Yeah. [hugs both Darryl and Andy] And I'm sure that you guys are fine too. Because why wouldn't you be? Yeah! Hey, dude, leave him alone. What are you doing? That happens a lot? Well, I bet it was a smash. Is that a volunteer program or... Let's get a drink in you, huh? I guess this was work being filmed nonstop for nine years. [laughing] Yeah, people hate you. Nard Dog! [cheers and claps] Ree-De-De-De-Doo! [repeats] Oh, I don't know. I might turn in early. What is it? Do I get along with my co-workers? Well, first of all, I don't have co-workers anymore, I have subordinates. So... have I gotten along with my subordinates? Let's see. My supplier relations rep, Meredith Palmer, is the only person I know who knows how to properly head bang to Motorhead. Oscar Martinez, my accountant, is now godfather to my son. Angela Schrute, my former accountant is now my wife. My top salesman, Jim Halpert was best man at my wedding and office administrator Pamela Beesley Halpert is my best friend. So...yes. I'd say I have gotten along with my subordinates. You did good. Real good. Thanks Dad...Darryl. Mose has been weird? That's so unlike him. You can't just sit here and cry. Oh, I can so just sit here and cry! [still crying] Bye! [alone in cab} After Dwight fired me, I moved to New York to write the great American novel. I have six roommates. Heh. Which are better than friends, you know ‘cause they have to give you one month's notice before they leave. You're back? Hey man, good to see you. [hugging Andy]. Andy... Andy, I've been worried about you. How are you? Poor, poor Andy. Darryl! Hey, what's up? What? Must've been another devilishly handsome debonair individual. Hey, man. How are you doing? I, um...I didn't call ‘cause I figured you changed the number. What? Ooh! [enters] Darryl! Andy! We're fine. Yeah. [hugs both Darryl and Andy] And I'm sure that you guys are fine too. Because why wouldn't you be? Yeah! Hey, dude, leave him alone. What are you doing? That happens a lot? Well, I bet it was a smash. Is that a volunteer program or... Let's get a drink in you, huh? I guess this was work being filmed nonstop for nine years. [laughing] Yeah, people hate you. Nard Dog! [cheers and claps] Ree-De-De-De-Doo! [repeats] Oh, I don't know. I might turn in early. What is it? Do I get along with my co-workers? Well, first of all, I don't have co-workers anymore, I have subordinates. So... have I gotten along with my subordinates? Let's see. My supplier relations rep, Meredith Palmer, is the only person I know who knows how to properly head bang to Motorhead. Oscar Martinez, my accountant, is now godfather to my son. Angela Schrute, my former accountant is now my wife. My top salesman, Jim Halpert was best man at my wedding and office administrator Pamela Beesley Halpert is my best friend. So...yes. I'd say I have gotten along with my subordinates. You did good. Real good. Thanks Dad...Darryl. Yeah. Come on man, gotta step it up! It's for a good cause. Jan called this morning and pledged $500.00. Well, you're going to have to run, or you're going to be in a lot of trouble. It is not olden times anymore. [in bathroom] I'm petrified of nipple chafing. Once it starts it is a vicious circle. If you have sensitive nipples, they chafe, so they become more sensitive, so they chafe more. So... I take precautions. [tapes a cotton ball to each nipple] Oh yes I will work out today. I will work out a way to avoid running for a stupid cause. Rabies victims... have to live with an irrational hatred of water their entire lives. So... least I could do. [Burp] Oh God, Oh, alfredo sauce. I'm getting a stitch. [groans] Woooah! Wow! It's not a surprise to me. Pam is the office mattress. f*re guy. Don't start any fires, Ryan. You weren't here for that. Andy. No, Dwight. That smells like good business to me. What I have done here is I have collected all the finest gourmet items that Scranton has to offer. I'm not driving with him. [points at Dwight] Gift baskets are amazing, Phyllis. Gift baskets are... the essence of class and fanciness. They are the ultimate present that a person can recieve. What about a gift basket full of cash? Literally. Yeah, later dude. That whole lifestyle, his whole vibe, you find that appealing? Tuna Tuna Tuna. And he can get any girl that he wants. We have a lot of colored paper here... why oh why do we keep printing this on white? [screen saver box hits the wall] Convergence. Viral marketing. We're going guerrilla. We're takin' it to the streets while keeping an eye on the street. Wall Street. I don't want to reinvent the wheel here. In other words, it is what it is. Buyin' paper just became fun. Hmm. Very nice. Very nice. Or zipadeedoodaah. Just ignore him. I was... mocking. I just feel like we need something more to acknowledge when I make a sale. Go to my car. Open the trunk. Inside you will see many pelts. Under the smallest one is a case. Inside that case is a bear horn. Bring it to me. Plan a party, Angela. Oh! And the entire world will see it. Oh! And here's $65.00 for your budget. Oh and here are four idiots who'll do nothing but weigh you down. Oh. And your cat's still dead. Yeah, I'm aware of that. But he's also being super annoying. And I'm not a perfect person. Ohhhhhh! Three hundred and five. Oop. It just made another sale. Three eighty. Four-oh-two. Yesss! Ten reams for the US District Court! Did I happen to mention the forty reams for the battered women's shelter? Yeah. I withdrew too. Yes! Woo! Reams. Wait. Say it. Say it again. Announce it again. No no no the first part. Nope nope nope no. This is going to be nothing like the party you've been planning. This is going to be good and everybody's gonna come. What's wrong with Dwight? No seriously. Is there anyone else who could do it better? Because we don't have a lot of time. I'll get the pizza! I think she's efficient. I hadn't noticed. [impatient sigh] I think it's inappropriate to date someone you work with. No. I think you should date Kelly. Uh, she works in the annex. You're also welcome to date Toby. That seemed to shut her up. Are you looking for dinner and a movie? Because you're not going to find it in that box. [Camera pans to Kevin giving an "are you kidding me?" look] Just so happens that I know where you can find it, but again, not in the box. What? I have been working on a party for three weeks that just got thrown out the window. So now I've got to pull together a whole new party, and my useless number two quit, so now there's no one in charge of orchids, chocolates, or the thing that's made of ice. And my upper back itches, and it's itched all day, and I can't reach it, and Kevin had Greek food for lunch again. That's why you're not in charge Meredith. Will you help me put it over there? Okay. Excuse me. Ow! What are you doing? I didn't ask you to scratch it. I'm not dating you. [smiles] Ah-ha. [answers two ringing phones] Hello, hey hang on a second. Hello, hang on. Yeah, what'd she say? You have to give us something... Michael is right. It's a made-up word used to trick students. I was never in this for the money. But it turns out that the money was an absolute necessity for me. I tried to live the dream. I tried to have a job, a girlfriend, another job, and I failed. But the good thing about the American dream is that you can just go to sleep, and try it all again the next night. What's up? You're being gross. What moves? I can't believe that's not working. Um, I don't know if I really see you two together. She's very religious. Okay, well she takes her convictions pretty seriously, she can be kind of severe. That's right, you did. That is by far the best way to strengthen your core. This machine, you sit on a stabilizer ball, you put your feet into the power stir-ups, you reach up and you grab onto the super rod, and you twist, and you twist, and you twist. It strengthens your entire core. Your back core, your arm core, the Marine Core actually uses it. I think that's how they got a core. We are making a commercial for Dunder Mifflin today. Our first ad ever. Corporate purchased some air time in local markets to spread the word about Dunder Mifflin Infinity and they are even sending up a professional ad company to help us make it later so... it's uh, not too shabby. Nobody tell him! You got it, you're so close! Break me off a piece of that applesauce, I don't think... Nope. I would like you to meet Andrew Bernard. The 'Nard Dog. Who let the 'Nard Dog out? He gives the best back rubs in the office. Well, no, no. You don't have to be waving. That was just what they did. You guys can be clapping. Sitting. Standing outside, inside, whatever. This is where you really get to be creative. We cannot talk about this... because, someone might hear us. Angela can stay the same, but we'll change Andy to Dwight. Okay. She's crazy hot. Great. No. I said I hate the, the style. Okay, wow. Wow, this looks uh, terrible. 45 AM. And then I had to decide if I wanted to spend the night with Michael editing in his office, and Dwight watching Michael edit in his office, or drive home and probably fall asleep at the wheel and die in a fiery car wreck. I passed out on my keyboard trying to decide. Andy, I can't hear this right now. She called you D? Oh D. [whispers] Oh D. That was fun. Next round of drinks is on me, people! And spend time with George Emerson. That's what I would do. I mean it's the best male protagonist we've read, right? What are you doing? Uh, I'm sorry Andy, but this is a closed club. The Finer Things Club is the most exclusive club in this office. Naturally, it's where I need to be. The party planning committee is my back up, and Kevin's band is my safety. Alright, just know that you're not in the Finer Things Club. Someone needs to clean it. It smells like popcorn. Yep, looks that way. [nods head yes] Some sort of kerchief to keep my neck nice and comfortable. Andy. Not your birthday. Alright, I'll look into it, but the answer's no. Hey, Andy, I have some calls to make. Alright. [Andy rolls back] OK, I'm gonna go into this office here [gets up and walks into Michael's office] to do some work. So I will be in here. Dwight, it's couples only. And besides, I only have six wine glasses, so it will be me and Jan, and Pam and Jim, and Angela and Andy. Okay. Very nice. [To camera] I don't care what they say, I just want to eat. Which I realize is a lot to ask for... at a dinner party. Joe Camel! Joe Montana! That's true, that's a great point. Come on down here. Sit down on that couch and be amongst friends and we are not going to think about all your stuff being destroyed, all right. No! Yeah, did you know that candles are the number one fastest-growing product in the scent aroma market? $2 billion dollar a year industry. And for only $10,000, you could become a co-owner of "Serenity by Jan" What do you think about that? I can't prove it but I think she might be trying to poison me. [Jan serves the food] Hey, looks great babe. Been here nine years. Now all of a sudden I'm supposed to park half a mile away. I am ready to start dating again. Getting back on the market. So, FYI, for those of you who are thinking about fixing me up with any of your friends, use the woman on page 85 as a template. That will be all. [gets up from chair] Write legibly people. Hmm.. Yes. That would be bad. Nice. What part of shorn't don't you understand, Kevin? Look I could probably handle it, yes, but I think it would be a good exercise for you guys to do it yourselves. Where's Scott? Let's just meet back in an hour. Alright, what do you want? We did it. Nice. [fist bumps Kevin] Yeah, there it is. You're welcome. Yeah! It's ringing. Does anybody have his name? Quick. Now he's never gonna come. Course you do. Ahh come on! No! No! Today is a very special day for me. And it's really not about me, it's about my grandkids, it's about my great grandkids... I can come back here when I'm 100, and I can find that piece of cement and say, "That's me. Look kids, your daddy left that face hole..." I dunno, it's a good feeling. Um... tall. No, no, uh, nice. Mmhmm. [laughing] It's a man eating cat food. Everybody, so how are we going to energize our office? I mean, I haven't done anything since Christmas. Pam, clearly, has just given up trying. So what we need to do is we get things going, we need to get percolating a little bit. Anybody have any ideas of what we could do. Any suggestions? Yes, Andy? Well sometimes my stomach hurts when you come into my office, so it's probably psychological. [kicks the car] Unh! Scratch. Uh, bumper's sagging. This car's crap. I will buy it for next to nothing. you can sell it for parts, drive it off a cliff... you can donate it to a person that you'd like to see die in a car crash, or, you can sell it to me, and I'll use it as I would a wagon on my farm. It will be towed by a donkey. Yes. You know what? You knock $1500 of the price right now, and I will take it off your hands. It's gotta be now. Seal the deal. Let's do it. Let's do this thing. Three, two, one-- Five, four, three, two... Now. Now. Now. Say it. Do it. Now. Do it now. Do it. Shake my hand. You will sell me this car. Shake my hand. [washing the Xterra] Rocka doopa deepa do POW! Shacka do DO! Oh! What's Dwight up to? Oh probably nothing. Racka do do dee do-do do-do! Sha-KA! It's my car now. Hey Jim, how are you, nice to see you man. Phil Maguire, Dartmouth, '74 [goes to shake Andy's hand] Yeah, you do. Andy, you're up, let's go! [gushing lotion inside his golf gloves] Giddy up, let's do this. People assume I'm great at golf. But like everybody, I hated golf lessons when I was a kid. So, I used to hang out at the sailing club instead. Got my "knot" on. [silently working] [Pam walks back into office, gets paper out of the copier, shows it "voila" to camera, leaves] Yeah. Ooh! Winner gets ten bucks! Wait -wait for me! Andy! Why don't... hey. Let's open a tab, because you and me are gonna be playing more often. No. Good playing with you guys. [gets engagement ring from his pocket] Hey... Unh! Damn it! ...Okay. I said, okay. She said yes! [light applause] And the crowd goes wild! Woo! [music starts playing; Jim puts his ring back in his pocket and exhales sharply] Well... it's my own fault. I know. That's awesome, man. That's great. Don't go breaking my scale. Just, we'll just keep going. All I had this weekend to eat was a chicken breast and a case of Diet Coke. It's not gonna take her 10 minutes to fax it, Jim. [to Pam] If I don't see you again, goodbye. Well, actually, I'll see you when you give me the fax confirmation, so never mind. What? Hey, check it out. [hands her brochure] This is The Breakers, Newport, Rhode Island. Huge, awesome gorgeous mansion overlooking the Atlantic. And my dad went to Cornell with the current groundskeeper. No. No. I don't care. I'm sorry. No. It's not my problem. [dials phone] That is very important to me, so -- I have work to do. Just do it. [walks away] Sweetheart. [Angela turns around] Just so you know, I don't care where we get married. I'll marry you right here in this building. I'll marry you in the parking lot. I'll marry you in the eye of a hurricane in the middle of a snowstorm on top of a monsoon. All I care about is that we're gonna spend the rest of our lives together. Hey, you know what? I can't do this by myself people! Kelly and I are the only ones who have either passed out or almost passed out. [flails his arms] Ok, let's just all try and work harder, ok? NO! I want names! So we're only eight pounds behind Utica. Now, I know it's a stretch but we could weigh ourselves again at the end of the day and maybe win this thing after all. Leave it to me, boss. I can get this whole office to make weight. [turns up thermostat] It's gonna be a little toasty in here. Good old fashioned sweat lodge. I hate to even ask because you have been so accommodating about all the wedding stuff. Is there any way our first dance can be to my favorite song, The Little Drummer Boy? Really? Mmhmm. The guys? I don't think that... I don't know if I want your old college a capella group to be our wedding band. [Angela dials the phone] Let's talk about this later. [Dwight's pager buzzes] What are you smiling about there smiley pants? You're late. Yes. This meeting. That isn't ethics. Ethics is a real discussion of the competing conceptions of the good. This is just the corporate anti-shoplifting rules. Exactly, Andy. It's a trick question. The bread is poisoned. Also, it's not your real family. You've been cuckolded by a stronger, smarter male. Hey, Andy. By any chance, did you see Battlestar Galactica last night? I mean I like all the crazy monsters and stuff. You know, like klingons and wookies and all that but... [Dwight begins to turn around again, Jim holds up the watch] Sorry, was there something you wanted to add, Dwight? You know, it's weird. It's practically a sh*t for sh*t remake. Story's kinda bland. It's about this guy named Dumbledore Calrissian who needs to return the ring back to Mordor. Can I have everyone's attention? Excuse me, may I have everyone's attention, please. We need to finish the ethics seminar. I got some in my minivan somewhere. [annoyed] Andy, would you like to have my baby? Who's Sarah Kayacombsen? It's a baby game where you guess whose picture is whose. That's Phyllis. Yeah, it is. So I hope you two are very happy together. Pervert. Well, it does. That's me. Yes it is. [tossing the stroller off a tall heap of tires] Playtime is over! [with Astrid covered in and surrounded by vegetables on a lunch table] That's good. Now, I need you to - I need it to look up here. Get the baby to look up here, ready? Now. Come on, up here! Your hand's in it. What are you doing? What's going on? Excuse me. [picking up Astrid] There you are. In my opinion, the third date is traditionally the one where... you have sex. Does Holly feel that way? I don't know. I will probably find out tonight. If she starts having sex with me I'll know for sure. [whispering] You set a date? I never felt safe here. I would very much like that. Yeah. Uh, what the hell is happening? What are you doing? [also dressed as the Joker] Dammit Creed! I've been up since four! Dave. You are? [Andy hisses] A cat? Thought I'd go casual today. Morning everyone. Good morning. Hello. How are you Phyllis? Andy. No I get it. I totally understand. And uh, I just want to assure you, that I mean no disrespect. You see, I'm applying! Hey there. So uh, how do you think we're gonna do against Penn this year? Nathan Ford's arm looks pretty strong. Not so. Cornell is an excellent school. Without its agricultural program, we probably wouldn't have cabbage. At least not modern cabbage. Holly thinks that this relationship is over. Well, you know what? I am not gonna give up that easy. I'm gonna make this way harder than it needs to be. Excuse me? You know I once dated a couple of guys from Cornell. They were really nice. They gave me a ride home. It's pronounced Ker-nell. It's the highest rank in the m*llitary. Andy, let's just talk about this man-to-man, after work. What do you say? No I won't! I'm not strong! And I'll go back to Jan, and I hate Jan! Oh God! What? Andy, I've been meaning to ask you, which a cappella group should I join? The Harmoniacs, or the Do-Re-Mi-Go's? That's a conflict of interest. [thinks] Interview. What? Okay. Who are your role models? If I had to put Dwight's chances into a percentage, I would say he has none percent chance. That was k*ller. I was so close to blowing it. Bring it. Dale Raymond Corson! Hmm, interviewing skills, sub-par. [writes in a notebook] On the contrary, I'm helping Cornell. By evaluating their interviewers. Well, when they get my evaluation we'll see if they're interested. "Interviewer is threatening applicant with an arbitrary review process." "Interviewer has suspect motives." "Interviewer has turned off applicant's interest in Cornell, and they are going to go to the vastly superior Dartmouth." Ever heard of it? I think I have everything I need. And you will be hearing from the - -Cornell Application Department, And you will not be pleased with the result. [pulls table away from Andy] And your affiliation with Cornell - Will end completely! [blues singer] Da na na na na... Where did you get those? I see what you are doing. But I do not know where you are going with this. I was there. That dude is not engaged. I'm not a big believer in therapy, but I'll go into my own pocket to cover his co-pay. I don't want to do that. [chanting continues] All right. [picks up phone and dials] She is going to freak out! You're not. Nope. You must be really proud. Oh, sorry. It was just -- it was right here. Don't give him Snoopy. That's mine. How can you even be sure? [holds mug next to Andy's head] Make the face. [Andy smiles] Yeah, I don't see it. I've caught Jim talking to himself several times today. What a loser. Get a friend, loser. [on phone] Yeah, I'm looking at it right now. It's really gorgeous. You guys do great work. I found the best tentist on the east coast. He personally tented Giuliani's first and third weddings. And I got him. [shakes fist] I got him! ... [whispers] It's a million-dollar sale. Nana Mimi can't be in canvas that long. There has to be a barn that's old enough that you can see the stars through the roof slats when you lay on your back. And antique tools to look at when you roll over. No. But anything within a five- to eight-mile radius is acceptable. [in New York, humming to herself to the tune of "Centerfold"] Na na na na na. Na na na na na na na. [at computer, spins chair around and makes triumphant gesture] Yes! Congratulations on choosing Schrute Farms for your wedding. Well, then. Why don't you look over some of our materials? [opens album] [looking at Angela] While I describe to you the Excalibur package. In addition to the breathtaking natural beauty and smell of Schrute Farms, I can promise you that our grounds can be catered to fit your exact specifications. [Angela smiles] I will work tirelessly for you over the coming months and be at your constant disposal. [Andy moves his head into Dwight's view] Please feel free to call or stop by, any time of the day or night. While you, my good friend, have nothing more to worry about. This wedding is officially out of your hands. OK. Pay him whatever he wants. Okay. Where is my translator? There he is. Be good. Meaning what? [on airplane] Welcome to Cribs-the business class edition. Check this out. Mimosa. Handed to me as I sat down. This was my hot towel. It is still wet. Take a sip of that. [hands Andy his mimosa] That good? Don't drink all of it. Give some to Oscar. Yes... Get back, get back. Come on, get back to the slums. [whispers] Andy brought one too. Alright. Very cool. Okay. Yes! Wallace said there would be one of those. Wow! Wow! Wow, I am blown away by this. I, um... I--ah! This is great, thank you! Oh, the Huntsman is good. Guys, she's in there. Let's do this. She's foreign. I am-- Oh, thank you. Thank you? Everyone is going to end up dying someday. And I think it's better to die with people you like... like Oscar, and Andy, and concierge Marie... than to know that there's somebody out there that you love that you're not with. How do you even know they're gay? Come on! It's Dandy Dale and Foppy McGee over there. [turns to bartender] Mademoiselle! Beer me dos Long Island iced teas s'ill vous plait. [to Oscar] Bad decision in a glass. I don't care if you're gay, straight, engaged... whatever. A guy needs intercourse. Don't do this. [watches Andy take drinks to the other table] What? Uh, sorry... what? Is he your boyfriend or something? Dude, leave us alone alright? What are you doing? If you don't mind me asking--- Okay. Its just that I've sat next to Angela for a very long, very long time. How could anyone stand that woman? What do you see in her? Wh -- what do you see in Angela? I want to know. You haven't had sex? Y--Are you guys waiting to get married, or? Andy, something is wrong with that woman. I'd like to know. You should call her and ask her. I'd like to know what's wrong with her. Do it! It's a--- Call her! [Andy holds up phone] Oh my God, don't call her! Don't call her, Andy. [giggling] Andy, don't call her! [on phone] Hello? Hello? What? Are you drunk? I know who this is! [over phone] Who is that monkey? Are you drunk? We will discuss this later. What? It's totally unrealistic. There are no lines in the parking lot. Hey. Yeah, it was. Hey, um... thanks for trying to hook me up. I can't believe we called her up. [both laugh] I'm talking about Angela. I can't believe we called her up last night. You--- you call--- you called her. Alright. Okay. Yes. Mmm... What is first base with Angela? I had a good time too. Thank you. No. Bro hug? [Oscar shakes head... then sticks his hand out and Andy shakes it] Back to basics. I like it. [pours something from the fridge into a bowl and opens the microwave, it is covered in exploded food] Oh, come on! [to the documentary crew] Do you see this? Disgusting. Yeah, I am. Wait, how do you know that? I didn't tell you that. That's really not cool. Could you guys all do me a favor and not talk about this until I tell Pam? the microwave is a shared kitchen appliance. By not cleaning it up you are basically telling whoever follows that their time is less valuable, as they will have to scrub out your disgusting splatter. Sincerely, disappointed." Don't you think the person who left the mess is the obnoxious one? Wow, okay. Well... I swallowed all your ideas, I'm going to digest them and see what comes out the other end. Yeah, do tell. Mmhmm. Well we're not gonna put out stumps, come on. Let's three-way this little issue, and come to a solution by the time we get to Schrute Farms, how's that for a plan? This is where you'll have your receiving line. Of course we'll clear out all the livestock and hay and such. Honey, say something! ...I'll consider it. There's a hose out back. Yes it does! Cow, goat or sheep. It's beautiful. So... why don't we try this out, we'll see what would happen. Give it a little test drive, what do you say? You pretend to be Angela's father, you will play Angela, and uh, I will pretend to be you. That way you can see what it looks like when you're up here. [to minister] Hello, I'm Angela Martin, and- He doesn't understand a word you're saying. My... It's not my fault you don't understand German; I've been telling you to take it for years! No, I don't-this doesn't change anything. I have a very important decision to make. We need a new copier. We need new chairs. And I need to figure out a way to keep this money without having everybody hate me. [kisses Andy passionately in his chair] Now, I have to take care of a legal issue. Stupid. Everyone knows to ask for a hundred more wishes. [Pam laughs] Dumb. Really Andy? It's Christmas and your singing about nudity and France. I'm all right. I'm all right. Alright, well, let's look at this a little bit closer then shall we? [pulls a piece of paper out of his pocket] [Andy playing the sitar] Hey. Do you take requests? As it turns out you can't just check someone into rehab against their will. They have to do it voluntarily. They have to h*t rock bottom. So I think I know what I need to do at this point. I need to find ways to push Meredith to the bottom. Um... I think I can do it. I did it with Jan. I think I'd like to go home now. So, maybe just try one at first, and then if it's okay, have a couple more... [getting up quickly to silence Michael] No, no. Nope. Ahh! [ushers Michael into his office] There you go. When? You know this can't go on. We have to put an end to this. Come on. [Dwight and Jim follow into Michael's office] Thanks. [to Andy] Andy? Walk with me. Ohh, I do not have much time... car's all the way over there, to tell you what I have to tell you. And just bear in mind when I say... say these things, that... are bad things... that you hear... in your ears... this is something that I, if I were you, that I wouldn't want to hear... Well... no, I'm not. So I... I'm not very articulate today, so I'll just leave it for another time. Another day. Which will be fine. I am off! Thank you! [gets into his car] [through the car window] Okay. I will... Dwight and Angela are having an affair, so... [rolls down car window] Dwight and Angela are having an affair. They've been sleeping together for some time. That was the news. I wanted to let you know. All right. See you later. [backs out of the parking space] Ahh. Dwight, I'm in charge when Michael's gone, and I need you to sit... We can talk right here. We're not listening. Let's go to the conference room. What have you heard? That doesn't sound like me. Andy, I'm engaged to you. I mean, we just signed off on our wedding flowers. Would I have said yes to formal chrysanthemums if I didn't want to get married? And, we went through all that stuff with our wedding cake... A little bit. I don't know. I mean, we were together, and then he k*lled sprinkles, and then we stopped, and... I don't know exactly when we started up again. Michael. [quietly] Let me think about it... I, um... there... [Andy looks over to see everyone watching them] Standard, you know? Nothing fancy. I said nothing fancy. I love you. Andy, we are at a crossroads here. And we can either give in to what people are saying that we're not good together. Or, we can prove them wrong. Let's prove them wrong. You okay, man? You are welcome. Andy. Oh good. She broke up with you. Uh, no way. I am not giving up. No I don't. [angrier] Well I don't know about that, because she certainly seems to enjoy making lovemaking with me. Will never be her name. Hey guys, why don't we, uh, just cool off a bit? And I'm telling you that I will never back down. Oh really? How are you gonna do that? That is very general, and does not scare me in the slightest. Okay, fine! Good! A duel! The winner gets Angela. Hey. It is my business when it happens at work. Yes! Outside of work. None of your business then. [Dwight and Andy high five] Good. So what w*apon? That is stupid. I will use a sword and I will cut off your bare hands. I call loser! I will also be talking my break at the exact same time and in the same location. Whoa! What are you! Hey! Hey! Come on! Ow! Ah! Aah! Never! [hits Andy's car with his bike chain] Get out and face me like a man! You're not a man! You don't know how to take care of her! [hits his car with the bike chain] All you do is dress fancy and sing. [imitating Andy] "La la la la la la la la la la!" What does that mean? You can't even protect her! Andy, are you all right? Yeah, back off. This isn't your fight. Oh, how much is this gonna cost? [hits his car with the bike chain] Oh! What? Trust fund will take care of that! [hits his car with the bike chain] I sa- [Andy honks his horn] Sasquatches are the strongest animal on the planet! So fine, call me a Sasquatch! What? She's sleeping with you? She said she was only sleeping with me. [picks up his bobblehead and throws it in the trash can] Oh, I do. Some actress, whether shes hot. [muted] Mmhmm. [shrugs] Huge difference. A painting can be beautiful, but I don't want to bang a painting. Im not a shark. What-- Oh! Here's a door. Check that one out. How's the handle? Ah! My hand! That's hot! Have you ever seen a burn victim? What is that? What is that? What in the name of God is going on?! Ahhhh!!! [Oscar's leg crashes through the ceiling] Leave me al-- Andy. Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah... Okay! Hey, Stanley. Okay, look. David, this is why we have training. We start with the dummy, and we learn from our mistakes. And now Dwight knows not to cut the face off of a real person. He's not saying what he needs to say. I mean, they just need to communicate, you know? If they said to each other what they're saying to everyone else, then-- Hmm. Gimme a break. [to Pam] Can you believe this? [pause] He was pretty talkative at breakfast. So he doesn't share it with his daughter but he shares it with his daughter's fiance? Nope. His name is Michael. [Michael makes the da dum ksch on the drumset again] Lilly no. Lilly! Lilly please! Lilly STOP! I don't care how much time we have left. I don't care what my friends say! And I don't care what your mom thinks! Frankly I'm pretty sure she's not makin any sense. Please. Move back to my apartment. [Andy's crying, "I'm All Out of Love" starts playing] Lilly. I'm not giving up. I'm not giving up. Lilly... Lilly! Push the reverse button! Reverse the button! When you're a kid you assume your parents are soul mates. My kids are gonna be right about that. I guess it also means that sometimes love affairs look different to the people inside them. [Andy is in the background, looks incredulous] [laughs] You don't have to lie. Through here. She's out of your league Andy. Sexually? This conversation is over. [sighs] I can't accept these prices, Stanley. They just cut our budget. Four Splenda. Are you crazy? Are you out of your damn mind? We're not friends. I didn't think about it. You really like her, huh? I have to take care of a couple things. So Andy will be taking over things here. You're in good hands, and give my best to your mother. No, it could go straight to our business address. Actually, I, I don't have a boyfriend. [stammers] Really? Is that... wow, that's so weird. This gal, she's really into you? All right, all right. Say no more. So, this is how I got squeaky fromme. No small talk. Just show her who's the boss. Just go right in and kiss her. Have I ever steered you wrong, Jim? Thanks for walking me out. You must be freezing. Oh, no, it's okay. This is my car. What's a "Nard-Dog"? [Andy leans in to kiss her] Whoa. What the hell? I just got out of a relationship too. It's really hard. No, I, I don't think so. [chuckles] Okay. Thank you. [as Julia is pulling out] Sorry I tried to kiss y... No. Jim. We're a business. Post-its. That is a golden ticket idea. NASA took five or six golden ticket ideas to get man on the moon. I think I should call her. Why is it so bad for me to call and ask her to lunch today? But I do like her just the way she is. What are you doing? [to Kevin] Why don't you just go out on a date with her? Try to spark up an on going joke and then in a month or two, if it feels right, you'll know. You don't have to wait that long. I mean, you don't have to wait a month to ask her out. Just ask her out. Andy, Pam, and Jim are all telling me how to deal with this girl that I like, Lynn. I, I don't like getting advice from more than one person at a time. I'm a textbook over-thinker. Well guys with girlfriends don't. No, stop it. Don't touch her. Don't talk to her. Don't look at her. Nice. [Both laugh] Boobs. [Lynn blushes] This little hell-raiser is Angela. She has slept with a bunch of different guys in the office. One over there, in the orange [points to Andy] Five years old? I'm gonna walk away. Ok. Nice meeting everyone. I'll see you in a couple of weeks. I have a job. Okay. Hey. You can talk to me for as long as you want. I have all the time in the world. [eats some spaghetti] Oh God! Blech! Phyllis! Oh! Hey. What is this about? Oh. Me too, me too. Is this wine? I already have wine. I'm starting my own paper company. Yeah. Yeah. In all climates. It's going to be worldwide. And I'm looking for some talented salesmen to join me. That's where you come in. [yelling from Parking lot] Alright then everybody, I'm outta here! And just like that. As mysteriously as he arrived, he was gone. [Michael sneaks back in the parking lot, and into a back door of the building] Andy He's gone. Oh, man! Hold it. Your call is very important to us. Ple-[Andy's phone rings] Way to go. Actually, I meant questions more about the day-to-day operations of the company. Kay. [Andy raises hand] Yeah. Alright. You a soccer fan? Well, that makes two of us. Yeah. I was actually in Germany for the 2006 World Cup Finals. Yeah, I love the sport. I love the sport. Alright, man. We can do this. Yep. Yep. That's Pele. I didn't know we had so many, uh, soccer fans in the office. Sounds fun. You know, Michael? You want to succeed? You got to apply the same- [Michael slams door] I make that one copy, and I become the girl who makes copies, and by the end of the day I'm receptionist again. And the worst part is, I like making copies. The paper comes out all warm and stuff. And it's cold in there. Cause it's technically a closet. Let me check. [Pulls out hunting scope] Oh nope! Clearly a hunter. Who knows how to throw an outfit together. Erin [eerie voice] Erin... Oops! Hey buddy, what are you up to? Listen, when I saw you talking to Erin earlier, I noticed that your pupils dilated, and your skin flushed, and I'm assuming, a little bit of blood rushed into your penis. Well, a little bit of blood rushed into mine as well, so where does that leave us? And I, yours. So I will cede her to you. No no no. Thank you. Wow! Oh it's good, you're coming along. It's really technically proficient but really there's no heart or soul in it. In German! Leben ist dort alt, alter als die Baume, Junger als die Berge, wie eine Brise blasendDwight and Who would have thought, that the thing that would save this company would be work? And pancakes? In the end, this day definitely had its ups and downs. I realize that we don't have the biggest office. Which is a surprise, because 165 square feet sounds like a lot. But, we have people with the biggest hearts. And I think for a small company that is really [flushing] Someone went to the bathroom. That is really what's important. Cherry Pie, Warrant. No! Really? Enter Sandman, Metallica. Really? Anyway, now we are going bargain hunting in the haunted graveyard of their love. I'm confused. Am I walking down the aisle to 'You Can Call Me Al?' I am extremely interested. So, how much will all of this cost? I don't know. It seems like a lot for an a cappella group from a college we never went to. Michael. I think she just didn't want a crucifix cake. Am I going down a road? It's so scary how right the things you're saying are. And you're coming at it with almost no knowledge, so of course I trust your opinion on this. Hey, Andy. You know I've been thinkin about what you said- -I just don't know if I can do it. It's just that Pam gets me through the day, you know? I really rely on her. I'm pretty emotionally needy. [both laugh] You know that I was doin' this. I got h*t in the face with a pee-filled water balloon, Pam, ok? I don't know how they did it. They filled the balloon with pee. A funnel? I don't know. Is that clear enough for you? [Jim slams lunchbag on table] I just totally blew a sales call. Yeah, well, with you it's different, okay? Cause I just- I just suck. I just- I suck! Why? When I look in the mirror, I don't like the face that looks back. Forget it. Are you saying you invented paper? Oh, God. Hey. Hello. Andy, I think Jim is messing with you. Okay. Two things I need you to understand. One, Pam and I are very happy together. And two, that stuff that happened with you and Angela is a bummer, and I know you don't think you're ever gonna find someone else, but you will. I promise you, you will. I don't want to hear excuses. I want to see improvements. This is unacceptable. Why are you telling me this? Is this something you really want to have said? No, you lost those clients. I don't think so. Okay, what are you still doing at your desk? Did you even read the memo? No, you idiot. There is a code embedded in the memo. Listen, you need to round up all the salesmen, except for Ryan and Pam, and get them down to the warehouse pronto. Excellent question. What'd you have, Stanley? Mom. What kind of sauce is on your salmon? And me. Yes I do. I have a very difficult decision to make. It's like last week I was at the video store. Do I rent Devil Wears Prada again? Or do I finally get around to seeing Sophie's Choice? It is what you would call a classic difficult decision. Casual Fridays are cancelled. [everyone protests] Let's just not do it anymore. I am your big daddy and I am gonna kiss da boo boo. Andy's afwaid? No. Dwight is confusing you. That - it's, it's more of a disco. Now I know what the founders of Phillip-Morris felt like. you just want to give people a smooth, fun way to relax and suddenly you're just some terrible monster. No kidding! She sits three feet from me. It's the most annoying thing. [mimics grinding teeth] It's like children singing Christmas carols. I've been here 8 years and I've never... [Erin walks away] Rude. Are those staples? No. [Camera pans to down to show her swinging her foot to the music] Stop squirming. You wanted to do this. Just be brave. I'm doing it. No. I'm doing it for free. You have to stop squirming otherwise I'm gonna mess up. Gay ear? Are you 12 years old? Look, I'm gonna count to 3. No. I'm gonna count to 3. Andy, that was just the ice. Erin, back row. Ryan, you move up a row! Why? I don't understand. Woah, woah, woah. W-w-wait a minute. I get it. You want her to set you up so you can spike it. I'll tell you what, I'm gonna do you one better. I'm gonna put you next to Phyllis. She is the best setter on the team. Sly dog. Newspapers for sale! These are expensive Ray-Bans, jackass. Ohh! Oh, Kevin! Come on! I could've gotten that, idiot! [playing volleyball] h*t it Andy! Let's do this. Except, you know what? It's not fine. How many people need to get hurt before we learn a valuable lesson? One? Two? Three? Four? Oh. No. You have to wipe the jelly off your hands first. Sticky. [all turn when they hear Andy singing in the break room] [singing to the tune of Beethoven's 5th] Vending machine. Vending machine. I want a treat. Something to eat. I want a treat. A little sweet. But not too sweet. What do I eat? Vending machine. Tell me what to eat now. You really think you can replicate the chemistry that you and I have... with this guy? 00. You are so talented. [enters office, somersaults onto couch, kicks over painting and lamp] Parkour!Dwight & [rush into office, Andy climbs on reception desk, Dwight holds video camera] [stands on his hands kicking open bathroom doors as Andy films, Meredith is seen applying deodorant in women's bathroom]Dwight & Andy! Leapfrog! [Andy leapfrogs Dwight] Yeah! [Dwight jumps on Andy's back, riding him like a horse] Parkour! Parkour! [standing on tractor trailer with Dwight and Andy, looking down] Okay, we all go together or we go one at a time. [in unison] Yeah! Gainer! Woohoo! Let's do it! [look down, appearing shocked and concerned] She's gonna hate being a mom. [looks at Andy and giggles] [still giggling] Tea. You would. [sarcastically] Oh, I bet you like it. Do you like it as much as you like mens' butts? Because you're gay. [serious] Who told you that? Was it Broccoli Rob? Someone from Chi Psi? Or did you run into someone from my high school? This is not the first time rumors about me being gay have come up. Twice before, actually. Just a weird coincidence... a little too weird. [chuckles nervously] Almost makes you wonder if it's not a coincidence at all. Whoa! Which it is, of course. [long pause] But it makes you wonder. [nodding] I did. Yes. What? Are you attracted to other men? [stares at Andy incredulously] If you resisted Brad Pitt a little bit, he would still... need to get to you? [mouth full of cake] Me too! Oh, I don't really do that. But Pam might have some friends, though. Yep. Are you... interested in her guy friends? Okay. Really. Well you gotta figure this out. Yeah! You gotta have sex with a woman. And a man. And then compare. Yep. On what? I heard that from... Andy. [sighs in unison] Yes. We have a right to know. Here's the deal. I really want to go but I'm not gonna go if Ryan doesn't go, because it's kind of a waste of time. That came out wrong. It would awesome if you could try to get him to go because I'd really like to be there to support Jim. [staring into the conference room] How are your sales doin'? Again with the cousin. [in the cheese cart] Be my eyes. What have we here? Hey, we're gonna do this... Cheese platter? My plan-- a man-- panama. This is how you make this important decision? It's not so much that I might not get a raise. It's just demeaning! I don't think I'm asking for too much. I guess it's just the end of courtesy in the workplace. And, hey, don't embarrass me when we go to Niagara. Don't. Don't. Don't. You stole my joke. Don't steal my joke. People don't think of me as one of the sharper dressers in the office... but I'm going ot turn that around at this wedding. I thought, how could I take it to the next level? The hair. [Angela beeps her car horn.] It's the hair-- [beeps again.] Ok. Ok. I'm going. [long beep] God. This is so much cooler. We feel like wer're in a limo and you're our driver. Oh no. That wouldn't be fair to leave Kelly alone in back. Oh, no. Just an individual. That man over there. Um... also-- She probably switched cards with someone. Like I did with Erin. Yes, and if it's a boy they will call it Sylvio. Yes! That sounds epic. Can we bring anything? Nothing. Except $40 for beer and any hot chicks you know. 'Cause that would help me deliver on some promises I made. Woo! No one from the office has been to a real Bernard throw down. [everyone is dancing] Go Meredith. Nice moves. Lame! What else you got, Andy? What else you got? It's gonna be fine. It's gonna be fine. Pam's here. [knocks on Pam's door] Pam? [knocks again] What? Andy, I am getting married in 8 hours. Now you sound like Kermit. Nope. I, like you, have never been here before. Look, I'm not the one who asked you to do a split when you've never done one before. My job? My job is to get married in the morning. That's my job. Well it's also to make sure that we have a great time at your stupid wedding, so-- [Pam swerves the car back and forth] Ow, ow! Andy, did I dream that you were crying through the night? Are you in a lot of pain? People say you cry all the time. Crotch injuries are the worst. You don't need to tell me. Is there still something there? It didn't get torn off? If you want to sit on this-- [hands Andy her wrap] I was thinking the wood might be too hard on your damaged penis. Make it softer. Yes. So, it all starts with a handshake. But you can't just go right to the selling, you need "small talk." What topics can you use for small talk? Mmhm. Mmhm. Jim's gone on his honeymoon. So I started borrowing his office to fart in. Then one day I came in and I just stayed. Cause this place is awesome. It feels like home now. Even better than my home. My home sucks. Mmhm. No Dwight, not everything is a thr*at. There is no such things as monsters. Wait, when did we start talking about the mob? The guy was trying to sell me insurance. I think, he just seemed like he was just trying to sell me insurance. What? What? So he won't get caught! It's Grotti. He's following up. Yeah. What are my options here? Do I just ignore it, or? Okay, I'm calling the police. All right. That's an exaggeration. What am I supposed to do here? No, criminals are like raccoons. Okay, you give 'em a taste of cat food pretty soon they'll be back for the whole cat. I don't know, I don't know about that. Here's what we do. We meet him in a public place. Ask him to lunch or something like that, some place he can't be openly violent. Let him know you're not the typical kind of guy that he can shake down. That you're stubborn. That you might even be a little bit dangerous. Hold on, hold on! Just- All right. I will meet with him, but I'm not going alone. We'll be right beside you. [Andy dressed as a mechanic, Cornell hat on] What are you wearing? Who's Pat? Do you know how to use it? Let's go, come on. [whispers] God! [Andy is playing with the tire iron] Take that thing off the table! Please! Hey. Bathroom checks out clean. Nothing behind the toilet except for this roach motel. Hi. Angelo Grotti. That's not true. I don't really know what that is. Look closely Michael. I feel there's a plan here for you. [approaches with child] Excuse me. Sorry to bother you. Are you a mechanic? My battery is dead, I've got my kid, can you please help? Come on! Lady in distress? Go! Go! Put it down. He seems bad at this. What?!? Now if you could just sign this letter of intent, I'll bring this back to my boss, and we can get this in motion. [Andy clears throat loudly] You okay, Pat? Aren't you a mechanic? Why wouldn't you put oil in the car? Don't do it! Don't. It's just the cost of a cup of coffee an hour. We have let Michael down, and it's 85 percent your fault. Not on the inside he's not. Look at his life! Broke! Living in fear! No friends, dead end job. Not the living in fear, that's new. Yes. He's got to stand up to this mafia guy. Me neither. Not the way things are now. But what if Michael felt no fear toward the mafia guy? Yeah... What is wrong with you? I am talking about convincing Michael that the guy's not mafia! No. He's not. He's just good. Nothing sticks to him. You still don't understand how this works. It's true, he's clean. I have a couple of friends still on the force. Checked with them. Ran his Fed friend up the flagpole to make sure he wasn't on the take. Turns out he's a totally lovely guy. Sweetest guy on the force really. But Grotti acts like he's mafia though. I think you knew exactly what you were doing. And frankly I think you were being a total and utter jerk. Doubt it. [disconnects call]Dwight and What a tool. [Dwight and Andy exchange looks] What? You successfully backed down the mob! Andy, can I talk to you for a second? [holding up a sign that reads, "Dwight picked the wrong day to put a wooden mallard in my office"] I am gonna need your advice [starts playing loud opera music, everyone can hear it, Creed starts crying] I was thinking about getting this opera for Dwight's birthday, what do you think? Really? I was gonna go with this one. [Andy gets up and leaves the office] The Nard Dog... what was that all about? What were you talking about in there? [in the conference room leading a meeting] Due to a certain recent incident, corporate has asked all the branches to come up with ideas as to how we can better communicate with our communities. Yes! That's what I'm talking about. Here we are outside- - the Wilkes-Barre Industrial Park. The two people with the lowest sales in the quarter have to do them. Here it is. [Andy is still singing] Suite 401. I know. Now you don't have to. Must be nice to have company on these cold calls. [Andy shakes his head 'no'] Oh. No, no. [laughing] We're not together. No, no, no. Definitely not. Definitely not. No. We just work together. Well that sounds like a really nice deal. And I must say, that since we are a family business it is nice to see that you are, too. It's ok. Anyway, we also have a special on envelopes. You were way meaner to me than I was to you. You blew the sale, you idiot. Ok. Well, you two are quite the salesmen and a very cute couple. Well, you know. He loves to eat. I love to watch him dance. Yes. Mmm-hmm. Oh. I know the best teacher. Her name is Miss Janet. Yeah! No. We are not done here. This- That's great! Yeah, well, that'll happen. Sometimes we're so excited we forget where we are. Like at a business meeting. We'll stay late. Yeah, I guess. If I'm being completely honest, I could've done without the belly kiss. Yeah. Way too much. I mean, what the hell was that? When you cried? You're fantsy involves comparison shopping birthing classes? Hmm. Well, are you dating anyone? Ah. Ah. No, no, no, no. I got a pumpernickel just for you. This is really nice Dwight, thanks. Why did I get in the car? I could of struggled. I have a whistle in my purse I didn't even blow it. Let me guess-- you ate the bagel I gave you and loved it. Wow-- I will. [Andy rubs the briefcase against Dwight's face] Let me get that door for you-- [runs to open door] There you go! Oh... goodness... thanks. You know, here's a healthy fitness tip. If you clench your buttocks together while walking you can really take the pressure off your knees. Observe. [walks towards desk] Right? Yeah, feel free to use that. Anytime. Okay. [straightens Andy's tie] And that needs to be straight as an arrow. Thank you very much for that. [pulls out Andy's chair] Have a seat. Allow me. You know what? I am going to preemptively change the batteries in your wireless mouse. No, no, no! [takes mouse and runs away] Do I really want to go snowboarding? No. But I would like to if I wanted to. Oh... no... really? There is no book. There's only a survival guide. That was a bunt. Hey, hey, hey-- relax I got it covered. No, no, no, no, no, no, I insist. [pushes Andy out of the room and locks the door] Stop. What's going on? Alright, move it. Oh yeah, you're going to owe me big time. Got it. [looks at envelope] To Dwight. Wha-- [opens envelope] Starbucks gift card. But I would say my favorite art form is a tie between sculpting and stand up comedy. You did? That sounds like it was hilarious. Are you serious? [starts typing on the computer and Andy begins to lean in toward the computer] [in lunch room with several coworkers] Guys, what if this is our last day at work? What if we never see each other ever again? [Andy scoffs and looks over at Erin, Erin looks sad] OK, use your imaginations. Naughty Nellie Nutmeg, a vivacious young socialite with a penchant for scandal. How about you? I'll go. [stands up, begins speaking with a southern accent] My name is Deborah U. Tante. Deb for short. I do not. Oooo, now do the Swedish chef. I will poison your food. Very good, very good. Now, no one was there in the wine cellar. [Creed gets in his car and drives away] Hello. Sounds like a plan, Sugar. Nice. Frankly, I'm not surprised. A lot of the evidence seemed to be based on puns. I haven't seen it. [accent] Of course, Nathaniel. [accent] Where are you taking me? [accent] Savannah? That's a far way from Scranton. No. [laughs] Did you? There has been a lot of m*rder and a lot of intrigue. My little heart can barely take it no more. [regular voice] Today is the hardest I have worked in a long, long time. OK, everybody just calm down. Polluticorn wishes. [starts spraying the office with something] Alan Brand is the CEO of the company, if title's important to you, has personally invited moi to go to New York to the shareholder's meeting and sit up on the stage with the board of directors. And at some point they are going to introduce me as the most successful branch manager that they have. And then Michael Scott turns and waves to the crowd... and the crowd goes wild. Michael, I hated the twirl. Calves. Calves all the way. [in the limo with Dwight, Andy and Oscar] I wish the windows weren't tinted so people could see us in here. Word. Nah. Might as well do it now. I'll ask you a question. No, no. That's too hard. Say your name is Zamboni and then I will say, 'Well, we're sort of on thin ice.' [they all laugh] I won't say that. I'll something like that. Well, I guess this is as far as I can take you guys. So - Can you believe this? The money they spent on this convention hall. [finding a seat] Excuse me, miss. I just want to take the stupid board of directors by their necks. This is so simple. Oh, what a great idea and lose my job. No thank you. These questions are bush league. You should get up and say something. You've got to be true to what's in there. [points to Oscar's heart] Don't be a wuss. Yeah, Have a seat. Okay, right there is the problem. There have been reports around the office that you have been talking baby talk. I have it on good authority that you said the following. [hands Andy a notecard] Can you read that back to me? Mmm-hmm. Okay. You are also on record as saying "wittle-ittle," "footy-wutties," "nummies," "jammies," "make boom-boom," "widiculous," and "wode iwand." You can't be a baby in the office. It makes me look like I hire babies. Okay, who said that? [Elvis voice] Well, thank you... thank you a lot. And for what it's worth I think your baby voice is tops. [as Elvis] You're welcome, baby. Wait, are you the patient or the doctor? Wow, what do you put our chances at? Hmm, sounds risky. Don't worry. There is a surefire cure. Employee of the Month. Every awesome place I've worked has had one. Wow, that's not such a bad idea. Anything else? It would look good, on my mantle. Okay, ladies and gentlemen, Welcome. I know you're all very excited, but no matter who gets this, I just want to say that you are all employees of the monthin my eyes. And the winner is, employee number nine. And that is? Look, there was a big mistake obviously, so I will fix it. Okay? This was your idea anyway. Thank you. No, wait, come on. I didn't miss a day, I came in early, I stayed late, and I doubled my sales last month. Everyone. What psycho would send that as a gift? [Kelly hugs Erin] Never mind, I shouldn't have said that. It stings a lot. I keep trying to figure out who's sending me these gifts. So far no one will admit to it. Is it you? [Andy stage face, eyes pop, big mouth smile, Erin laughs] Seriously? What? Well you have to pick one or the other. Your choice. Pick your poison. Get back to me. In the meantime, I am going to spread my goodness all over this company! All right sweetie, I'll tell her its Michael. [on microphone] Andy had Erin. [gestures the YMCA dance] Mmm, mm mm mm. [Dwight smirks, leaves] It was a little much Andy. What were you thinking? [Andy freezes] Twelve drummers drumming. [marching drum band lines up to perform, Andy steps out with cymbals] Pacific Ocean. Pretty cool, huh? Yes, say-ber. Good. Take it away guys. Saber. Dunder Mifflin is a part of Sob-ray. So yeah, yeah, yay, yay. Dunder Mifflin is a part of Sabre. [music stops] I don't know, I don't know. Well, I saw them in there. I think when Andy finally asks me out he's going to try to top what he did with the drum line. I can't wait to see what he comes up with. It'll be ok. No, you? Nothing. It's wide open. Okay. Oh, that's Mrs. Bennett, sweetheart. My husband and I are divorced, but I kept the "Mrs." just to piss off the new wife. Well, let's take a gander around this place. They love a good crotch. You should take that as a compliment! Two guys doing one job? We gotta do something about that! What, no candy? Valentine's Day, right around the corner. Erin and I have been on zero dates. So I got her a Valentine's Day card, but I didn't wanna seem "too eager," so I got cards for everyone in the whole office to kind of dilute it a little bit. I'm Jolene Bennett, Jo for short. I'm a breast cancer survivor, close, personal friends with Nancy Pelosi, and Truman Capote and I slept with three of the same guys. When I was a little girl, I was terrified to fly, and now I have my own pilot's license. I am CEO of Sabre International, and I sell the best damn printers and all-in-one machines Korea can make. Pleased to meet you. Uh-oh, traffic jam on route three! Beep! Twenty people dead in a pile-up! [opening card] Oh, you did? Aw, a bird and a dog! You named them? Uh, yeah I do remember. [reading card] Aw, they love each other. Wow, it smells really good too. Andy, whoa! Thank you very much! I did. Oh! You scared me! I didn't see you. And you were there all along. [takes papers out of copy machine] Well, I warmed it up for you so, should be good to go. Bye, Andy. [kisses his cheek] No it ain't. We all saw the Valentine you gave her. [cell phone rings] Oh, I gotta take this. Yep. Uh, finish walking my dogs for me. And don't ride 'em. Lotta people try to ride 'em. You don't even like us as friends? What are we, five? [entering with Erin] Um, why did I just receive a mass email from you that said that you don't like me? Do you realize how hard that makes me like you, Andy? Who? I'm going to be okay, we should really try to make it until midnight. Not until midnight. I thought you said your younger brother was named Walter Jr. The purpose for this meeting is to take Pam's mind off of what's going on inside of her body. I will allow that. [ as Pam shakes her head] Nope, nope, I don't think anybody wants to see that. [as Pam gives the thumbs up] That sounds good! Do you need some music, or...? Okay. Ooh, someone's freakin'. That kid's going to have a lot of hair. She hasn't popped yet. What? God damn it. She was supposed to come out yesterday. There she sat. Her name was Pam. She was a receptionist. She was engaged to an animal. There sat Jim. He was a gawky, tall salesman. The odds of them getting together were insur-mountain-able. I made a family! I got these two together, and I made a family. Andrew, what about you? Torn scrotum. Still on the mend, so not good timing. Yes. This isn't about me, and that is debatable. And I have a personality, where as you... Yes, Andy? Okay, please hurry. Okay, good. It's busy. Why don't I keep trying, and then I'll give you the confirmation in a bit? [tearing up] You can't talk to me like that. I didn't do anything wrong. I've been having a tough day today. You read the fax. Oh, my God. That's amazing. Let me just fax this, and I'll check my planner. Yes. Do you have a day in mind? Everyday is fine. Or... Thursday? Hey! When you work for Sabre, only one thing matters. And I don't care if you're a loser, or you practice bestiality, if Jo likes you, you are in. And I am in! Andy go braugh to you! Nice kilt! Thanks. It's actually my sister's old field hockey skirt. [Turns off Dwight's music] Whether it's this time or next time. Well... [Jo closes door on her] Yes? Oh! You're sick! [Andy coughs] Dangit! That's exactly why I sent that receptionist home. Get everybody sick in the office. We don't need any heroes here honey. It's time for you to get on home now. [Opens door, surprised] Oh! Andy! I'm in my jammy-jams! Your hand's cold. Yeah, have some more blanket. What's up? You're awake. Andy, this is my brother, Reid. He's my foster brother. Cold hands. [Takes spot next to Erin on love seat] Ooh! [Erin giggles] None. We were in the same house from ages ten to twelve. And then from fifteen to eighteen. Nice skirt. I look forward to that too. Yes. Thank you, for coming all the way here. I'm so sorry I was so sick. [Andy leans in. She leans in. Reid appears in background. Erin kisses Andy on the cheek.] No sales topic per se. Michael - [Michael signs] Great. There's other pencil's in this office. About time. 'Now that's Italian!'] Some yokel sitting behind his desk saying take a lead, learn nothing [cut to scenes of chaos as everyone argues] Some people shouldn't be in this business. Yeah. I basically wish you were dead. [grins] I hid the leads. [mimes zipping mouth and throwing away key, Andy begins to walk away] Colder. Colder. Warmer. Warmer. Colder. Colder. Warmer. Warmer. Warmer. Hot. [Andy hovers his hands above her chest] Hotter. Pretty hot. Lower. Lower. I think you're remembering that wrong? Can we at least all agree that this is uncomfortable, and may be heading for something bad? I'll text Pam. She's really good at this stuff. Okay, fine. Cash it is. really sorry. Yeah, damn right you're not. 'Cause it's for me and Michael only [they both cheer and high-five] [strips off jacket] Go on. I have warm blood. [tries to drape her small jacket across Andy's back] Yeah, I love going to bars with Bob. I tend to wear something low-cut, get men to flirt with me, and Bob beats 'em up. What? I would love, love, love to go. Only problem is, Pam's at home with the baby and I think she wants a night in. Good one. [on phone] Yes! Yes! I would love to! I did not see this coming. Sure, if you are. Talk to me that way again, and I'll cut your face off. Whoa. Exactly. Quiet. Yes? Ladies and gentleman, it is quitting time. Ok, yes. Sure. No, I got that. I am in. What is happening? One second. I know, but you wanted the big thing. Oh I know. 'Hey, guys, get a bedroom already.' Yes, okay. Yeah, that's smart. Hey, you two having fun? No. What? Okay. Hi. Do what? [Erin sits with man, rubs her hand on his thigh] Hey, big boy. Do you like it when I do that? What we said to do. I was flirting with a man. The movies. I don't know. Hoop it up, right. This is not what I want my relationship to look like. [holding photo strip of he and Erin fighting] [over PA] Hi, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Andrew Bernard, and I've been on two dates with Erin Hannon and they went well, and there will probably be more. Thank you. [laughs] You love drama. [Kevin's voice] Oscar, Toby said he left my Girl Scout cookies on my chair. Have you seen them? Wait I'm sitting on them. [all laugh] This is my favorite day. Oh, thank you. Thank you. Hello, Pam. A one-on-one lunch with Erin? She's kind of a rube. Okay. All right. All right. Okay. I'll take her to lunch. We're both girls. Who cares? Lunch was fine. I don't know. It was lunch, Andy. Ok. You know what, I think we can all agree that Angela's not so great, so.. No. No. No. Stop talking. Oh God. I don't want to be in private. Is it true or is it not? "C" is for suspension. Andy, she's not the easiest person in the world to have a conversation with. All right? And besides, who doesn't tell their girlfriend that they were engaged to someone who works four feet away from them? That's like.. that's like Mr. and Mrs. Smith crap. You know what, I resent the implication that I would keep that secret. Everyone here knows that I can't and won't keep a secret. Trust is the most important thing to me. Is your name Andy Bernard? What's your real name? Lionel Frankenstein? How long were you guys together? A year? You were together for a year? I think I have to be on my own for a little bit. Like the girl Precious in Precious. Based on the novel Push by Sapphire. Ok? "Hey! Hey Scott!" Yeah, now you know how I feel sitting next to those M&M's all day. Andy? Michael, you know, it's easy to get fooled. Bob's warehouse guys flirt with me all the time. It... it's mostly harmless. Usually I don't let it go too far. Yeah, well, Stanley doesn't help with anything. Come on. Shout 'em out, shout 'em out. Oh! Oh, no. Nine dates. I said it on the second date. And you might not like how I find it. [slides over table, leaves] My doctor told me to cut out hot dogs. We all got problems. There's no way that you guys have any almond butter, right? That's weird. I haven't heard of that happening. I would even settle for apricot preserves. I don't know. Call HQ, see if they know anything. Yeah. That's what I'll do today. All right. Yeah. [puts newspaper down] Wow. That dude is good. You didn't feel like he was hiding something? Yeah. Close the door. Some freaky stuff going on. I was walking behind Gabe and I heard some things. It was kind of mumbled, I don't know, uh, only thing I could make out clearly was "Andy," "Problem," "Eliminate," something. I don't know what it meant. Whoa. I hadn't even thought of that. Psst... [Creed walks by Andy and draws his right index finger across his neck, further scaring Andy, Andy looks over at Darryl who is staring him down] I know, it's just, I'm scared... It's bad. Still no plan. It's getting bigger. I can videotape it. [to camera] There it is. [to Pam on floor] Nice effort. You haven't even introduced yourself. You should talk in a higher voice 'cause the camera makes you sound weird. Higher. [motions with hand to go up more] One more, yeah. [Again motions to go even higher] This... [removes camera headset] Eughh. [looks disgusted] So we're gonna say the most likely scenerio is that Michael matured overnight? I will have you know that I asked Donna about this and she is fine with it. And just to be sure, I asked her again afterward. Same answer. On her diet! He's a sports guy. He's scummy. Dogfighting. dr*gs. They spit. Real sports with Bryant Gumble. You know what? You know what? I am declaring a moment of silence right now. Ten minutes of silence honoring Michael Jackson. just sit there and think about Michael jackson. My name is Andy Bernard and I am a cuckold. For those of you unfamiliar with William Shakespeare, a cuckold is a man whose woman is cheating on him. I've lived the part. And let me tell you, I'd so much rather play the part on stage. Mm, no, when are you people going to stop casting the first stone? I am not in the wrong here. I am the good guy. Do you think this husband is a super sweet nice guy? Do you think he's an angel? I don't think so. Why is his wife going off and having a little something-something with me? There has to be a problem with him. I am Beyonce always. Yes, I am. I would love that. I have work to do. Let's go. [starts walking towards the elevator] I can't wait to see this jerk who is making me cheat on his wife. I should punch him in the nose for what he's making me do to her. All right, Andy, please. Shh! Try not to draw attention, please. That's him. That's him. Right there. The coach! Right there. Look, look. Follow my finger. Okay? see? The grownup by the base? All right. Can you just-- can you just act normal for a second, please? I don't have $30,000 lying around. I have it buried very deeply, and I don't want to dig past a certain someone to get it. You have no idea what you're talking about. You don't. No, no. You don't know. You don't-- you don't know anything. Look at him. Look at him over there. High-fiving? He didn't even do anything. Kid did all the work. I bet he does that at home. I bet it's like, "Hey, Donna, why don't you wash the dishes?" "High-five, Donna." "Hey, why don't you bring me my slippers?" "Hi-five. I'm taking all the credit." Okay, well, that's because he's paying their salary. I'm not some farm animal. [Dwight smirks at the camera] Shh! Okay, all right. Don't, don't. Yeah, right. You must be rootin' for the other guys. [whispers] Okay. Let's go. Do I know you? Are you somebody's... parents? Oh, are you guys... Kenny's dads? Okay. Okay. Let's go! Whoa! Hey, I'm really sorry, I'm just trying to... focus here on the game. Of course. Okay? I gotta... get back to this. All right. No, no, no. I'm good. Oh, my God. Well, then it wouldn't be the first time I stole something away from Coach Shane. Okay, Morgan Freeman-narrating-everything. [quietly, to Andy] Put your hand up, Norma Rae. If you say anything, so help me God, I'll break off the temples of your glasses and stick them in your eye sockets. Is there something that you would like to say to me? About talking to the press? Mmhmm. I don't believe you. That's a little much. All right, all right, all right. Okay, I believe you, I believe you. What a rich timbre your voice has. Okay, I am prepared to conclude the investigation. And... you did it. [nods at Andy] Guys, I think that seems a little unfair. I mean, I feel like we don't definitely know it was Andy. I may have heard from an old client, and I may have immediately started spreading the news to other clients and potential clients, yeah. But I'm not here to talk about that. I am here to talk about Suck It. Suck it. Thank you so much for that. I saw all your hard drives, and guess what? [gestures to Ryan] You're not a photographer. [gestures to Kelly] And you definitely can't fit into a size two. Darryl, man, you're on Facebook. Why you been telling people you're not on Facebook? People want to be your friend, man! All right? And you. [points to Andy] This guy, you're the one who told the press. You wrote an e-mail to the editor. I saw it, and I also saw a QuickTime movie of your little printer f*re test on your hard drive. This guy's the snitch, he's the snitch. So that's it, check it out. [gives the finger] Well, I'm one-eighths proud of you... enjoy that chair for now... 'cause pretty soon, you will be on your feet, at Buckingham Palace. [points to the ceiling] You deserve it. [offscreen] No, it does not! Andy? I wanted to say that I think it was very brave of you to go to the press. Why did I transfer to Stamford? I think that's pretty obvious. I got promoted! And you can't b*at that view... right? Uh-huh, yeah. I am. OooOK. I ate a tuna sandwich, on my first day. So, Andy started calling me Big Tuna. ...I don't think any of them actually know my real name. Sure, sometimes I watch Will and Grace... and I want to throw up. It's terribly loud. I do like it sometimes when Harry Connick Jr. is on. He's so talented. [clapping her hands in unison] Fashion show! Fashion show! Fashion show at lunch! Fashion show! Fashion show! Fashion show at lunch! I'm just k*lling Germans, any way I can. [sounding upset] Andy, Jim, can I see you in the conference room for a minute? Yes now. This is not working, ok? We are getting slaughtered out there. Oh, I'm sorry I don't know... what we're talking about... SNIPE-- JIM! You don't snipe in Carrington, ok? Andy, it's not--- Oh yeah, definitely. Yeah, all day. Oh, there's no game. We're just trying to get these chips for Karen. Yeah, nothing there. I hold in my hand, a beet seed. Take it. [Ryan tries to take it, Dwight closes hand] AH! [Ryan tries again and takes seed] When... Damn it. Sure. That's it? That's what you came up with? Really? Love me, say that you love me. Fool me, fool me, go on and fool me. Yeah, I shook it, I shook it. 'Scuse me? Wow. Once a quarter, the sales staff at this branch has to stay late to do order form consolidation... which, amazingly, is even less interesting than it sounds. What's that? He's a perfect match. Yep. Oh, Holy Mother of God. She is. Very fair and very kind. So... um... tell me, is your marriage the kind of thing where when you die she has to throw herself on a f*re? No? Okay. It's still very cool. Ok. Thanks! No one. Andy, no acappella. [sing] fi-i-i-ine! Can I have a ride, man? I... uh... I have my bike. Really? Wow... that's bad. Well, I work here now. If I get to stay and Ryan is laid off, I will k*ll myself. Like Romeo and Juliet, the Claire Danes one. Hey Andy! I just want to say thanks. Good luck. The Stamford branch is closing and everybody's just packing up their stuff. Andy Bernard made these tasteful hats. Yeah. You know what? I think you just need to meet him. Right on. [to Andy] Hey is that Josh's computer? Mmm... dah. I am actually your boss, Michael Scott. Welcome. Wow! You are very exotic looking. Was your dad a G.I. or uh? I'll be the Number Two guy here in Scranton in six weeks. How? Name repetition, personality mirroring, and never breaking off a handshake. I'm always thinking one step ahead. Like a carpenter that makes stairs. Ah! You must be Andy Bernard. Aloha and welcome! A-ha-ha-ho. Very good! Welcome to our little kingdom. Ah, we have a bag of nifty gifties for you. Oh. In general, they do not give me much responsibility. But they do let me shred the company documents. And that is really all I need. Hello. I don't believe we've been introduced. Dwight Schrute. Assistant Regional Manager. So you'll be reporting to me, then. My title has 'Manager' in it. Oh. I know everything about film. I've seen over 240 of them. [recording phone message] Karen Filippelli. Do you mean to me? From you? Cause that's how it works. Sure thing, buddy. Am I trying to get under his skin? Yes. Because the angrier he gets, the more marginalized he becomes. Meanwhile, Andy Bernard is out there layin' on the charm. Oh. I do like it, actually. Thank you. Ssshh stupid! Um... That's it! Yes, yes! Okay! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! You me? You me? Me you? You! You! You me! Bow Bow Bow! You me? You me? Me you me! You! You! You me you! You! Oh my nose so itchy, why's my nose so itchy! And what advice has Andy given to you today that you have acted on? Would 'none' be an accurate estimate? None advice? [whispers] f*re Andy. f*re. Andy. Uh... that I have not decided yet. Staples. Uh, try double that. Classic TransAm, vintage American muscle. Please. Xterra's not even a real word. Oh, so you drive an X-Earth? That makes sense. I'd rather drive a classic TransAm than an XEarth. Well I hope 1985 has a time machine 'cause I drive an 87. Speaking of funerals, why don't you go ahead and go die. Idiot! If you were driving a TransAm, you would be the smartest idiot in the whole world. [coughs sentence] You're the idiot! [picks up phone] Jim Halpert. ...Okay I can't... help you... with that. She is dating Ryan, I think. She's... high-maintenance. Yeah, trust me, that would be fun for no one. ...Absolutely you should. I am greatly concerned about having a convict in the office. And I do not care if that convict is white, black, Asian, German, or some kind of halfsy. I do not like criminals. Frisbee-based competitions... She... Oh, it's okay. I've got tons of them. You like that? Goo-goo-goo-goo? Wow... I-- Oh. Andy. I thought of one last tact you can take with Pam. Quick question - do you play the guitar? Hold on, let me think about that, yes, that'll work. But can you sing in a sexy high falsetto voice? Hey. Gruel. Sandwiches. Gruel omelettes. Nothing but gruel. Plus, you can eat your own hair. Martin went from being a new guy from Stamford... to a convict, to... my friend. Back to a convict. Then to... a kind of a nuisance, actually, to be completely honest. And finally, to... a quitter. And I will not miss him. And that is not because he is black. No. No, you get outta here. Yes. [putting things into a box] We are getting rid of everything that reminds you of Carol. As ranking number three in this office, I am order - You're number four. Damn it! All right. Nothing here to distract myself with anyway. Hooters? Bros before hos. Why? Because your bros are always there for you. They have got your back after your ho rips your heart out for no good reason. And you were nothing but great to your ho and you told her she was the only ho for you. And that she was better than all the other hos in the world. And then ... and then suddenly she's not yo' ho no mo'. Dwight, just, just leave them alone please. They're on a date. They look very happy. I'm already starting to forget what color eyes she had. I can't, OK, I'm gonna call her. I am gonna call and find out... I'm just gonna call her. What can I get for 'ya? I think we'll start with a round of noga-sakes. [waitress gives confused look] Nothing he's doing is cheering me up. Oh, sure you would. Look at you, I bet you break up with a guy every hour. [Cindy laughs and walks away] Michael! Hey! Over here, Michael! [waves down Michael with a napkin and whistles to get attention] No, it's not. I don't think... I love it! [laughing] I don't know what he's doing. Probably. Maybe that'll help. Is it cold in there? You know what we should do? We should invite them to the Christmas party. Hello? I would like everybody to meet my new girlfriend. [singing] And if you want love, we'll make it. Swim in a big sea of blankets. Take all your big plans and break 'em. This is bound to take awhile. Your body is a wonderland. [Michael notices Cindy ride up to him on the bike and looks confused] Your body is a wonderland. Your body is a wonderland. You can't see... You can't see my stomach. Fantastic. That's all she said. ... Do you really not know? Because it is a big deal. Dwight, care to join us, finally? Thank you. Yes. Ok, here is the dream team. My sales dream team. Today we are going to team up for sales calls. Andy, since this was your idea, you get to pick first. Oh. Well, I appreciate that. That is very gracious of you. Dwight and I used to go on sales calls all the time. In fact, I have a picture to remember that time. Oh young Jim. There is just so much I need to warn you about. And yet, tragically, I cannot. Please. Whoah, whoah. Oh hahahaha. Vamanos! Here we go. In order to take down Dwight, I have to chip away at his ally, which, in this case, is Michael. Here's the good news. Every success I've ever had at my job or with the lady-folk has come from my ability to slowly and painfully wear someone down. Ugh... that is a long story. Um, couple of months ago, Dwight tried to go behind my back with Jan and get my job and I am now having him do my laundry as punishment. Leave the keys! Hawkman. You know, I used to go up there all the time with my step-dad, and I never caught anything that big. You know what? Let's get right down to it. Dunder-Mifflin may be just two rooms and a warehouse, but what we lack in flash, we will make up for with hardwork and decency. I think what Andy is trying to express is that while we have the resources of a large company, we will give you the care and attention of a small company. No. Stop it. [Puts his hand on Andy's shoulder] Stop it. Dunder Mifflin, this is Pam. [excited] This is Pam. I did? Yes. Ah, no. Don't worry about it. What? You can pay me back later for the makeover. Yes, Andy. He didn't say. I knew it. [Dwight and Jim walk in] You are lying right now. Ahem-hem-hem. May I have your attention please? This will only take a moment of your time. Although I love this company more than almost anything in the world, I have decided to step down from my post and spend more time with my family. I do not fear the unknown and I will meet my new challenges head-on and I will succeed. And I will laugh in the faces of those who doubt me. It has been a pleasure working with some of you and I will not forget those of you soon but remember, while today it is me, we all shall fall. In other words, I am quitting. So... . What happened on your sales call? [in Staples uniform] I got this job to make some money while I continue my employment search. And uh, it's fine for the time being. Oops. Break's over. Is that you singing? Nice job. You gonna answer it? Yikes. Thank you. Yes, Dwight Schrute has left this company. More personnel turnover. Yes, well. It is a big loss. Dwight was the top salesman... I said 'was'. What does that even mean? That is impossible. Oscar. Hey, what's up. Yep. I don't know. Maybe. Bathroom. Oh, well, I'm going to the kitchen, I'll walk with you. Really? That was very nice of him. We need more attitude like that around the office. Yeah, do you? What did I say? Huh. Oh, no. Okay. [moves away] Who's that sportscaster that bit that lady? Marv something? Andy is like Marv Something. Great sportscaster. Big weirdo creep. I don't like him, his giant head, or his beady little eyes. That's all I got to say on the matter. Okay, good. Stay right here. Yeah. No. No. What are you talking about? You know what? Maybe it's in the ceiling. Okay. Pam, I have a mission to accomplish. Make sure this party gets rolling and I will be back shortly. Um. No. I don't want to do any of that. No, just stop. Stop. Stop doing it. You're going to drive me crazy. Yeah. It takes a big man to admit his mistake and that's what I did. The important thing is I learned something. I don't want somebody sucking up to me because they think I'm going to help their career. I want them sucking up to me because they genuinely love me. Hmm. Oh, hi. You must be Andy. That's right, it's so good to meet you. Thanks. Well, you ready to have some fun? [scoffs] I... will never say a word. And now, we are even. I graduated from anger management the same way I graduated from Cornell. On time. Now I'm back. Got a second chance, and I'm not gonna blow it. [in a forceful voice] So look out Dunder Mifflin! [laughs] [snaps] I mean, look out... in a fun way! You know, not like, I'm gonna hurt you... Oh, welcome back, Andy. Oh. Drew. Sorry. Apology not... accepted. Because it wasn't even necessary in the first place. [laughs] Several weeks ago, Andy Bernard had an incident. [cut to sh*t of Andy punching a hole in the wall] But after five weeks in Anger Management, I'm back. And I've got a new attitude. And a new name. And... a bunch of new techniques for dealing with the grumpies. Hey, Andy. How are you, man? What's that? No, I'm not gonna call you that. Andy. Dwight says that he actually doesn't know one single fact about bear att*cks. Yeah! I'm temporarily lifting the shun. It means nothing. I need you to do something for me. Okay, calm down. I need you to acquire an inflatable house, and/or castle. What do you think? You've got an hour. Shunning resumed. [out of breath] Guys! Listen up! Michael is up on the roof, and acting strange! [hesitates] Un-shun. I think he's suffering from depression. Re-shun. No, sweet cheeks. We need someone who's actually made a sale. Andy, you go. [in accent] I like ice cream too, mate. Alligators and dingo babies. What's that? You know her name. It's fine. What about music? Do you have any music? I was thinkin' about more like a CD, or... a CD. Lord, beer me strength. Did thatreallyneed to be said? Well not everything a guy says needs to be said. Sometimes it's just about the music of the conversation. Oh, is she that teacher in the white? Which one... is she? Wow. No, I don't think so. Nope. No. Oh, Andy. You know what? We don't have alotof time, so we should probably... Andy--- Ohh... Andy? Oh... yeah... This is weird. I... gotta go to Spanish. Oh my God. Well... that's not gonna hold up in court. All right. Not important. Because you're not dating her. Because it's a felony. But--- Andy... is having arealrough day today. "Good luck." You want music? Come on man, just give it a couple days. I think you'll be all right. [singing the intro to The Lion King's "The Lion Sleeps Tonight"] A-wimowheh, a-wimowheh, a-wimowheh, a-wimowheh, a-wimowheh, a-wimowheh, a-wimowheh, a-wimowheh... A-wimowheh, a-wimowheh, a-wimowheh, a-wimowheh, a-wimowheh, a-wimowheh, a-wimowheh, a-wimowheh, a-wimowheh... A-wimowheh, a-wimowheh, a-wimowheh, a-wimowheh, a-wimowheh... A-wimowheh, a-wimowheh, a-wimowheh, a-wimowheh, a-wimowheh... OK, I'll call therealpolice. [on the phone] OK. What are...? Shut it. Shut. Up. OK, so what I want to engage us in today is a hardcore discussion about women's problems and issues and situations. Magazines and TV shows and movies portray women as skinny, tall goddesses. Well, look around. Are women like that? No. No, they are not. [points to Pam] Even the hot ones aren't really that skinny. So what does that say? That says that you women are up against it. And it is criminal. Society doesn't care. Society sucks. I don't even consider myself a part of society. FYI. Because I am so angry over all of this. [in women's bathroom] Oh... my... God. Of course you do, moon face. That's because you're a preppy freak, you're the office pariah, and nobody likes you. So start hanging these all around the building. No, duh. That's why we gotta catch him. Start hanging those. You know, I changed a tire today. All by myself. This bathrobe's already coming in handy. [Meredith honking] Coming! Yeah, I do. 'Cause justice never rests. No. Wholesies. [snatches the candy bar] Natch. [bites off a lot of candy bar] I am also considering Stanley because of all the good that black people have done. For America. Thank you so much. [Stanley sits down and pulls out his crossword puzzle] I don't want to h*t the big rock! I know I'm near the big rock. I just know it. [takes off blindfold] I just don't want to get h*t by it... What're you doing? No! See, now we're disqualified. [at Ryan holding egg in spoon] Let's go! Let's go! Come on! Mush! Mush! Come on you bastard! [Ryan takes off blindfold and throws it to ground along with egg and spoon] What the? Damn it temp! I didn't want to tell anyway. I didn't want to cast a pall over our fun beach day. But you know what? I don't know who to recommend because frankly nobody is stepping up. Team U.S.A.! Gryffindor! Gryffindor! That's not why you lost. Yeah, right. [bouncing off of Andy] Aaaagh! Uggggh! How do you like that? What, Andy? Andy, what should I tell them? I don't understand what you want from me. Sorry! Bye, Andy! Who's next? Andy? Where's Andy? Andy is never here today. WWWWIIIILLLLMMMMAAAA! Do it! [exhales loudly] Andy... Nothing. Yup. Once I'm officially Regional Manager my first order of business will be to demote Jim Halpert. So I will need a new number two. My ideal choice? Jack Bauer. But he is unavailable. Fictional. And overqualified. Okay, everyone, listen up! [claps] Time to begin the interview process! [looks at sign-up sheet, only contains Andy's name] Andrew Bernard. I am going to begin this process with a simple test of intelligence and mental dexterity. What is the best color? Wrong. Black. It is the most dominant. How do you make a table? What is the capital of Maine? Okay, also, moratorium on Cornell talk. Don't wanna hear about it. Forget your personal history, and learn the history of this company. You're not off to a very good start, Bernard. I agree. But in another way, I am off to a very good start, wouldn't you say? [Andy and Dwight arm-wrestle, Andy is about to win] Time! No, you failed. Michael is gone. make Andrew Bernard my number two. As if you had a choice. [scoffs] Duh. [scoffs] Opportunity of a lifetime. [spits chew into Michael's World's Best Boss mug] Okay--- What--- No wait, what are you doing?! David, I did not tell her. It's like outerspace without the stars, it's so black. [laughs] It's so intimidating! Anyone who comes in here... is gonna have to take me seriously. Abandon all hope, ye who enter here!