No, I know they fit. It's not about the fit. Those overnight packages needed to go out, and Michael refuses to hold the guilty party accountable. You don't have all the facts. I love him. No. No. He's my nephew. Well, this office is my pool. And my house is my house. And I just want my nephew to work in my pool. I will cover his ass like moss on a Mississippi tree stump. [listening to and editing Jo's book on tape] Gabe Lewis. Well, Jo-- [opens door to Gabe's office] All right, good night, Gabe. Just wanted to say thanks again. [Gabe motions that he's on the phone] 'Cause I really think I made good use of my day, oh! Sorry. [after entering the men's room] What the [bleep] is that? [runs out of the bathroom] Oh, my... Hello, Jo. Welcome. Well, shall we begin? Well, I don't know about that. Just wasn't for me. But let me assure you, Dwight is f*ring on all cylinders. Right? Don't eat it. Jo... I accidentally fired a g*n in the office today. I am telling you this because I care too much about this job to be blackmailed into doing it poorly. All I've ever wanted was to be manager here. And if you feel that you cannot promote me over this one accident, I understand. But if you think that extortion is worse - It was a Beaumont-Adams, if that helps. I take full responsibility. Okay. Did I make a mistake? Yes. Do I regret the decision that I made? Yes. Got it. [on the verge of tears] Jo, please... I will - No, child. No. It's over. Now I gotta find a replacement for my replacement. Yep. Uh, well, we probably don't want to go just on seniority. Little advice? Take a day off from the whole Jim schtick. Try caring about something. You might like how it feels... James. [closes his office door, leaving Jim alone in the break room] All right. No, was it good? Yes, thanks to you, who promoted me, after we, uh, interfaced. Paper material, ma'am. [clears throat] Jo, may I speak to you for a second? Ha ha ha! Ha ha ha! Ohh, I enjoy laughing at my mistakes, because I've learned so much from them. I'd like to be interviewed for the position. Okay. It's complicated. Excuse me, Ms. Bennett, may I have a word? Uh,... can it be in private? [to Gabe] Don't worry, it's not about you. [Gabe smiles and leaves] As Minority Executive, I think it's my responsibility to let you know that Gabe is gross. I don't think it's professional that he was sleeping with the receptionist, and then when Erin dumped him, so that she could be with Andy, he became a total crazy stalker psycho. [knocks and enters] Jo, you have one more candidate. He's a burn victim. [motions toward her face] He's all messed up. I can tell him to get lost if you want. Oh, that's my mistake, sorry about that. The last paper company you worked for b*rned to the ground? And all because they wouldn't hire a manager who lived and breathed paper? That's a travesty. Very unprofessional, "Jacques." Or, should I say, Dwight. I would have dressed this way every day, legally changed my name, learned French sign language, shown up, and been the best damn branch manager you'd ever seen! Yes. This guy was good. Although, he did keep saying that he needed two weeks off right at the beginning for a trip to the finger lakes. Seriously. Every five minutes, he was like, "just making sure the finger lakes thing is clear." Finger Lakes guy is good. Darryl is also very good. How much time do you have? Sales ability? None. Integrity? See sales ability. [makes a "zero" hand gesture] Yes, it is. Oh, Jo. Jo, I'm disappointed in you. Some people let personal things into the workpl-. Is she with him? Because I thought that she was... That sounds like a promotion! Um... why Kelly? Okay. Oh, I didn't know you knew her? No. You know, she also gave me a reason to think that maybe she wasn't a good fit. [on videochat] First let me say that I told them everything you wanted me to say, in just the way you wanted me to say it, so... Ok, um, I told the story of your uncle, and I have a feeling that you would have [Michael gesturing behind computer] really been proud of the way... Okay, um... I don't - it's just... Hello. No. My name's Michael Scott. Hello. Nice to meet you. We are very excited about the merger with Sabre. I think you have a great accent. Well, I am little concerned with all of these changes, to be quite frank. I think we have done things a certain way here at Dunder Mifflin for quite some time, and - Ok. I feel very strongly that you can't just come in here and change everything that people have been doing forever. Is Christian Slater back there? Because... he knows. He'd know what to do. I have already told him, but I will tell him again if you think that will help. Pleasure to meet you, Miss Bennett. [Jo's dogs are sniffing at his crotch] These sure are pretty dogs... They sure do. Oh, I do! Hello. I am treating you the same as a man, for whom I would also not stand. Unless it was the President. Or Judge Judy. Hi! Over here is Meredith Palmer and Creed Bratton. That is Jim Halpert, he is the co-regional manager of this office. Oh, he is. He's the co-manager, and that's the other co-manager. Michael handles more of the "big-picture" stuff, and I handle more of the day-to-day stuff, so together... Alright. And sometimes I can hardly handle that! I don't think so. Forget the question... Yes. Um... You can go on. Shoo! It's got pheromones in it. Hi. Jo, there's books in my chair. No, we know. Texas! I could manage my way around that. I have been saying the word "manager" a lot, so whenever Jo thinks "manager" she thinks of me. Camel cigarettes did the same thing with Joe Camel by making him look like a penis. I can't even go near a cigarette now without thinking of a penis. And vise-versa. Son of a b*tch. [enters conference room] Pardon me. Okay. Really? Aw, that is so sweet of you! But, I cannot accept, because I have been thinking about it, and I think I wanna go back to sales. Yeah. You can take the man out of the salesman, but you can't take the sales out of salesman. I'm turning myself in right now! Thank you. That's it. I think we should do it the Lethal w*apon way. And weirdly I'm a good dog person, right guys? [dogs go to him] See? They love me. Alright! Dweedle Dee and Dweedle Dumb-ass have been away on maternity leave. Now Dweedle Dumb-ass is back, and we have a problem. Yes, getting hooked on Mega-Desk was my own damn fault. But ... I don't care about assigning blame. All I care about is Mega-Desk. That is all I care about. Getting. More. Mega-Desk. Morning! Well, this is my last day at the Scranton branch for a while. But I'm leaving it in the very capable hands of some of the loveliest people I've ever had the pleasure of knowing. Oh I'm gonna miss this place. And the snow! Hoo, my dogs love peeing in that snow! Makes me think they're onto something. Morning, honey-pile. It is. This is a little something for you to remember your time here in Scranton by. Yes it is! No, no no- that is a good gift actually. Buildings here in Scranton are literally powered by coal. Mm, that sounds great, actually. I'm a little sick but I don't want to miss my date with Andy. I'll get better. Whenever I'm sick it goes away within a few hours. Except once, when I was in the hospital from age three to six. That is a great idea JB. Jo, I have an idea, for suntan lotion - soap. In the training manual it says, that there is a minority executive training program in Tallahassee? Daryl. Mellow, soulful, smart for warehouse... The Sabre shipping method could be more efficient. Combining inventory systems makes sense on paper, but printers and paper ship differently. It'll be faster to deliver them separately, instead of waiting on everything to come in. Not at all. There's a way that it can be scheduled. I sketched this out downstairs. Look at that picture that you drew. Nice job! We're very proud of you. You know what, we're gonna tape that up on the refrigerator in the kitchen. Are you serious? Um. I set my stuff up in there. So... just give me a few minutes to clean that out for you. Absolutely. Thank you. Oh no! Say it's not so, Jo, we're gonna miss you, we're gonna miss you so much! Well, I am heading down there. How about July 4th weekend? [Reveals paper ticket] I did! You know what, in the spirit of full disclosure, I have actually reserved a bunch of different seats on a bunch of different flights, but there are a couple of flights that only have two tickets left, so I think we should pull the trigger and - Hello. I want you to stop what you're doing right now. You are stressed, and I'm taking you to lunch. No is not an option. All right. Well if you need me, I'll be on the other side of that wall. Knock once for yes, twice for no. This fax came for you. [Coughs] Uh... Oh! No. I feel like I could lift a car. She should go home. It's not the end of the world. We'll go on our date next week. She's still gonna like me in a week. Right? I was just working at my desk and I wanted to run some new leads by you. [Turns feint] No, no, no, no, no. I have some good ideas... You sure? Okay. All right. Hey there. So I think I'm done. Gonna head out. Unless you want to chat. Like we were doing earlier. Mm? Well, the clock says chatting time, so. Right. What? Mm. mm. Oh well. All right. [The four of them get out of chairs to run out, Jo exits her office. They retreat.] Hi there Jo. Sorry to interrupt. Um, this evening [phone rings] I have... 30 with a very important client. And it's so weird, because we never have meetings after 5pm. But I was hoping that maybe just this once, it would be okay. You know I will. And by the way, seriously, we never, never do this! Okay. Well, you see, I actually do have a meeting. With a client. I'm just gonna reschedule for next week. Yes, I'm anxious to get off work. But let me be clear. It's not to celebrate St Patrick's Day. It's so I can protest St. Patrick's Day. Hello Jo. 30. And it's St. Patrick's Day, which is a world ethnic holiday. So I have decided I'm going to dismiss my employees. I'm thrilled with the work they've done today, both quality and the quantity. Great performance, Very, very solid all the way around. Okay. Happy St. Patrick's Day. [Starts to leave office] And also, I would like to say that I will be canceling my trip down to Tallahassee. Although I do look forward to our professional relationship. Yes. Really? A baby otter? Okay, um, count me in as who cares. It's not even that interesting a baby otter, it can't even stand up. [looks toward computer] It's trying to stand up... [choking up] there it goes. Jo! We were not expecting you! No. Jo, I think that I know what happened. Well, now I think I might not. Jo, Jo, I can assure you it was no one in this office. So unfair. Even if I thought that our printers k*lled baby seals, I would not be a whistleblower. The Bernards, for generations, have silenced whistleblowers. It's how we made all our money. Woody Guthrie wrote a song about us. [sings] Old Mr. Bernard, old Mr. Bernard, who have you silenced today? There is no reason for anyone here to sign this, because I know everything there is to know about these people. I know when their birthdays are, I know what their favorite kind of cake is, I know what color streamers they like... Yes, yes, but it shows a bigger picture. Okay. What do we do when we find the guilty party? And if they said, "Come down on him with that swift hammer of justice!", innocent. A clear conscience don't need no mercy. But if they said "Officer Bessie, well they may have had a reason, blah blah blah blah", well nine times out of ten, that's the anus they'd check. We should give him a one-way ticket to Montego Bay, where they keep all the al-Qaeda. Yes. You put them in jail for a long time, you put them in jail for as long as you can. I want these people to really pay, I want them to suffer. I'd prefer it if they d*ed, 'cause it's not right. Look, he's been complaining about this for a while, it's not crazy. Hold that thought. I don't want to waste your time, and I wouldn't dare waste mine. I didn't do it. Now, I don't know exactly who did it, but I have a list right here... [hands Jo a piece of paper] You should f*re the following people. Why would I disparage a company that has made me rich beyond my wildest dreams? Are you referring to alchemy? I'm not dumb. I'm smart. I basically swore up and down that none of my employees did it, and then I find out that one of my best ones did. And now he's probably going to get fired for it. And if that is not poetic justice, I don't know what is. Well, that's... Good. Oh, wow, this is, uh, just a mystery novel that I've been working on. Oh, uh, I don't know, uh... Hey Jo. I was thinking about our little leak problem. I was up all lunch thinking about what we should do to this individual. You know what I think we should do? We make 'em come to work, and we work 'em, and we make 'em sit next to all the people they screwed over. And, and we pay 'em but we make 'em feel like they did something really wrong. The one question I have is, do we give them a Christmas bonus? I say yes, it's Christmas, but right after they're back in the thick of it. It doesn't matter what I know. Why? Well, deal with this. [crosses arms] Are you going to k*ll me? Really? I have rights. I am not going to tell you anything. Well, I'm going through a little bit of a rough patch. Whole year, actually. My favorite restaurant closed down. And my new favorite restaurant sucks... I bought a video camera last year, and I was looking at the tapes, and there were only like twelve minutes that I felt was worth taping the whole year. And most of that was just birds in my condo complex. What is that? ... I miss Holly. You're going to believe that guy? Hmm, hmm. You know, I would be willing, under the right circumstances, to do that for you. [to press] We at Sabre have betrayed the trust that we have built with our customers. We regret our slow response and our lapse in candor and judgment. At this time, we are issuing a full recall of all Sabre GH400 printers. We will not rest until this problem is solved. There will be no questions. Are there any questions? That was fun. Thanks. Today helped. Okay. Hey, you could transfer Holly back from Nashua.