I'm Just the Girl Next Door is our best song ever. Your voice just keeps getting better. It's the economy. Oh. It was so much fun being famous, everyone hearing my name. Oh good. [on phone] Okay, your level of hysteria makes me think maybe you're not in charge. Is there a supervisor I can... oh. I was making a horror movie. But the retirement home won't let me use any of their old people. They wouldn't even let me ask. No. Okay, you're not my girlfriend. We're linked. [singing] We've got our outlet. We've got our outlet. [screams then cries] [voiceover] She assumed it was just another typical day at work. [with accent] I would like to buy some paper, but I haven't any money. I give you curse! May the spirits of the serial K*llers of the past combine forces and haunt the third floor for all eternity! Ha! Ha! Ha! [screams] [growling] [screams] Oh no, it's you, the m*rder corpse! [crying] No! [grunting] Help! Somebody help me! [screams] No! [yelling] [jumps in front of camera] Wuphf.com! -and you jump in front of them. Dwight Schrute, star salesman, beet farmer, bed-and-breakfast proprietor, aspiring freelance bodyguard. Add to that list owner of this building. Then burn the list. Well, then, why aren't you bugging me to f*re everybody who's bad? You just want me to f*re Luke. That's reverse nepotism. He should not be punished because he is related to me and bad at what he does! Texas justice. I went to the store and I pressed the buzzer, and they looked right at me, and then they looked away. And then I pressed the buzzer again, and they started taking pictures of me on their mobile phones. I guess I'm not the kind of guy that's good enough for precious heirlooms. Wait, wait, wait. That's actually a really good idea Kelly. What did I say? Julia Roberts goes into the store, and she's like," I was in here yesterday and you wouldn't help me." And the shop girl goes, "ok". And Julia Roberts goes," You girls work on commission, right?" And the girl is like,"Yeah", and Julia Roberts goes... No, this is instead of the boycott. Yeah? I liked them. Excuse me, I think you may be in the wrong seats. [Jim and Pam move a few rows back, next to Michael] [whispering to man sitting beside him] His name's Andy. He's a terrible salesman. He'll die. [picks up blowtorch] Why at least? If you're guessing forty six just say forty six. [later in his office, places a band-aid over his cold sore] You know what guys, why don't we just chill out on this herp-chat. Ok? I was an REA in college and I can tell you, number one sexually transmitted disease is ignorance. Yes, unplanned pregnancy. No, Meredith, that's not his actual bicycle, but it is the same exact model he uses. Everyone, may I have your attention? I would like to introduce you to Mr. Danny Cordray. He is going to be joining us as our new traveling salesman. Say hello to Danny! O-kay. You know what? No. No. This is not some sort of construction site...or all of Italy, where you can just go around treating people like meat. We are to respect him. I respect him because he reminds me of somebody. Can anybody guess who that is? No. KELLY! You cannot change costumes in the middle of the day! Pam, she's out. Guys? You're arguing over a one in sixteen chance. Over a prize worth... forty bucks. NEVER! [tosses wig] Okay, you know what? Fine. I'm not Darryl. And thank God I'm not Darryl. Okay, everyone, I've tallied the votes, and the winner... of the costume celebration spectacular... and the Scranton Wilkes-Barre coupon book... Oscar Martinez. I know a lot of us have been feeling under the weather lately. It's that time of year. And according to a study done by the University of Arizona, they've discovered that your keyboards have hundreds of times more bacteria, per square inch, than a toilet seat. For all their generosity of spirit, they password-protect their wireless? Some events are so news worthy, so historic, that you have to stop everything to watch. Balloon Boy, Michael Jackson's funeral. Things that if you didn't see them live, you wouldn't really care that you didn't see them at all. I don't know if Michael likes Gabe that much, but there's this thing on Glee called mash-up, where two things that don't go together, make one great song. Take Gabe, take Michael, you make Gay Mike. Best friends. [reacting to Erin's invitation] No really? Is there time to change this?! That show! Now first they say that Mr. Schu doesn't know anything about choreography, then like three episodes later he's this fantastic choreographer?! Pick a lane people! [to Kelly] Who's that? Who's that? Which one's Glee? [noise on TV, Oscar pauses show] That one! She's been in a couple episodes of Friday Night... Okay... [changes back to Glee] Go to the recorded version. What?! Jim. [Jim gives her the remote] And the winner is, by two votes- [TV goes blank] Please Michael, just make the Glee happen! No, it's not weird, Andy, and you know what else? We have an offer from Washington University. So monetize that. [walks in] Are you guys meeting about WUPHF? You know that that was my idea, right? Baby, Baby, Baby-- No, no, no, no, no. I help you with your things and you help me with my things. Are you trying to k*ll me? Koreans. White. Very comedically humorous Jim. What is it? Alright. Alright I get it. Not if the printer isn't hooked up. You are making some very dangerous assumptions Oscar. He's... he's not smarter than me, he was just right about one thing. My kids are growin up. As a boss, I look at that and say great. It is exactly what a boss would hope would happen because that's what I want. That's what every boss wants is a, is a wonderful Christmas with no drama. We just want to say how grateful we are. Sabre is actively looking for ways to involve me as minority executive trainee. So I suggested choosing the annual Christmas gift to the employees. And they said, "Oh, yes. Perfect. Thank you, Kelly. Finally, something for you to do." Yeah, I don't even have a laptop. Oh come on. Kelly, I thought we agreed on fleece blankets. He's rubbing his neck. He's rubbing his neck! Oh, God, no. Oh, I want kids. I really want kids. But AJ and I are practically engaged. We talk about spending our lives together. It doesn't really seem like you. I was in the mall, and I saw that, and I thought it had your name written all over it. No, that's not... no, I went to the mall and I picked that out especially for you. [hands Kelly a receipt from his wallet] From the mall. That... Well, that... Shaaa-shut up. Hello. So... high five me. We're back. To a happy... [grabs Holly's hand] look at those! Mittens. Are those a present? [Holly takes off mittens revealing no ring on her ring finger] Congratu-ohhh. Oh, I get it. Everybody knows about the ultimatum. [imitating E.T.] Reese's Pieces? I don't know. I'm glad this is happening. Thank you, Michael. Eat it! Kevin, don't! Come on! [holding a pack of cigarettes] Well, if you don't have to do 'em... Okay, no. Then I won't let you down. No, I don't like committing to not doing things, either. That's just as big a commitment. I'm really excited to introduce you guys to Ryan Howard. He has achieved a great deal in the last... What are you... Who am I? I'm Kelly Kapoor, the business b*tch. It is important to brand yourself, so I have a couple of things in works. "The Business b*tch", "The Diet b*tch", "The Shopping b*tch", "The Etiquette b*tch." Hey, Kelly Kapoor. What a delicious surprise. Uh, why? Um, there aren't really ten secrets. Um, all right. Well, um, I guess know your market would be key. Practice fiscal discipline. Yes! Awesome! All right, anyone else? [younger guy raises hand] Sold! Anybody else? [older guy raises hand] Yes! All right! But it was a pleasure meeting you, and you've got my information, so feel free to call anytime. Wow. Just so you know, it's totally amicable. We're fine. We don't need people here to take sides. Wait. Can you back up? What's the story? And in the morning we walked by a chapel and we stopped, suddenly, and Ryan said...Ryan and Sorry, when did you get married? We are getting divorced, Andy! This is such a raw time. No Oscar, Not, not until everyone can! Ok fine, you know what, this actually isn't amicable at all and we actually do need people to take sides. Who is on my side? Anybody can be Prince Charming one day a year with the dinner and the flowers and all that. But you know what impresses me? When a guy can do that no days a year. I'm sorry, I'm really, really sorry. I think I was just relieved, to see that Michael Scarn got his confidence back. Right this isn't the U.S. Government. Kevin, do you accept the apology? Okay, go back to the annex. [on phone] Yes, hello Mr. Flax this is Michael Scott, your daughter's boss. I am calling because I am going to have to f*re your daughter Holly because she is such a terrible employee. I'm just kidding. I'm kidding. I'm actually calling because I'm in love with her. I love your daughter, and I have for some time. And I would like to discuss my intentions with you... which are to ask her to marry me. And I was just hoping you would give me your approval. And this isn't a joke. So call me back, when you get this. And I look forward to speaking. Thank you. Oh, cause there's a huge line of people waiting in line who want your spinster chotskies. People like Ryan? Let me tell you about men like him. He comes over and you're like 'Hey baby let me light a candle' then you pull out this one half used and he's like 'Uh! Who else is she seeing? I better lock her down fast.' Did I want to be made manager? Sure. A great opportunity squandered? Absolutely. A crushing blow? Yes. Will I get over it? No. But life goes on. Not for me. [picks up paper] I'll help you. Hello! No, not officially, actually, I saw you walking out of the bathroom before. [offers Kelly the papers as she walks away] In meetings.Erin and [walks over to Kelly] Kelly! Kelly? Kelly. If I just went away right now, would that be the best gift that I could give you? You know what, I think we should get some other input. The problem with having "It" or "the X-factor" or whatever it is you want to call it, is that it's impossible to put into words what you're bringing to the table. So to make things simpler for Deangelo, I just, without lying, strongly implied that I'm Kelly's supervisor. It's not even that much of a stretch. She pretty much does whatever I say. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry... Because what would you have done in that situation, Kelly? I'll tell you what I would have done for you. I'd lie for you. I'd die for you too. [hears Deangelo entering] Hey, Kelly Kapoor, if I don't have those call logs on my desk, we're just gonna have to evaluate your future at the company! Thank you. [joint talking head with Kelly] So I am the new customer service supervisor. And I am also a very dutiful boyfriend when -- No, Anthropology. We don't have this in that size, pretty lame. Yeah. Well, I umm - No one likes a money grubber. Oh, that's hilarious, Kelly. Okay, I don't have time for this he said-she said. It's too murky. I like Ryan. You seem kind of hysterical to me. Ryan's your supervisor. Let's just leave it that way. [surprising Kelly] Aha! Gotcha! Why are you late? Hey, what happened? I was talking like this. [mouths words while pointing to his ear] I don't feel good about it, but he just kept calling himself a g*n victim and it got to me. American Idol? What? No. No. [looking at an engagement ring on Angela's finger] It's gorgeous, Angela. They're the same picture. Your department's just you, right? Great! [to Jim and Toby] Um, can we just... [does a "wrap it up" motion with his pen] We just have a lot of serious candidates to get through today, so... [nods] What do you want me to say? I mean, there's a line of qualified people out there. We have a video CV from England. [to Jim and Toby] Are we all just gonna pretend to-- okay. [to Kelly] Um, what are your weaknesses? Okay. Okay. Well, that was quick. He's not a real candidate. You took the deal. That's not okay. Okay. [walks out of conference room] Okay, guys, just so you all know, no decision has been made, and Dwight is definitely not the boss. Kelly's on your side. Oh, well I'm still the corporate liaison to the branch. Okay, you know what, you don't need to make that sound. I don't know. This conversation really got away from me. [drumroll with hands] I... it's unbelievable. True, I may have been the second choice, but I was the first-choice's first choice. And, about Dwight, I sensed that he might have some resentment about not getting the job so I sat him down and we had a talk. And I told him, "I need a really strong number two. I want you to be my enforcer." Smart, right? Uh, this has got to stop. Great group! Pizza party! Well, why don't you ask me again when the five pizzas get here. Oh. Oh God. I've outlined the exact parameters in an email, so check your spam folders, but basically you do your job better, you get points. So, collect fifteen points and redeem them for this polar bear. I can't. Ooh I didn't mean to offend you, and I hope you'll forgive me because I am very very... Sari. [tosses yellow print material over shoulder] Sixteen points. Well, we don't know how long the driver's been gone and it's not in direct sunlight. We're losing cloud cover. Yeah, that'll work. Bye poochie! And then every morning, I'd walk out on to my terrace and I would breathe in the inspiration of the city. You know? And just gather ideas for my painting... [under her breath] get a divorce...get a divorce... Now, stated arrival time is 3 p.m. Yeah, what's the reason? Sorry. Kevin has a gorilla suit you could borrow. Guys, I know, I mean, I wish there could be, too. It's like, I can't choose. They're both amazing. It's just... [to Kelly] If you get into season 1, you can really... It's called a costume. [laughing] Extraordinary. Did you plan this? If you turn out the lights we'll do a little dance. [laughing and clapping] Delightful. Now then, how are we today? Just fine, Kelly? Everything alright? You feeling fulfilled in your life? You guess? So, there is something you want that you do not have. Because it's too terrifying to imagine. Now we're cooking. What is it, Kelly? What is this great fear of yours? Or in this case an email gets sent to Robert California containing the consultants report from last year. Remember the one that recommended the branch be shutdown? And as a fail-safe also every negative email you've ever written about him to the group will also be forwarded to him. Creep by TLC, Creep by Radio Head. You remember that one Jim? There is no way he hasn't strangled at least one stripper. Oscar. He eats his yogurt like he is punishing it for disappointing him. Kelly. Jim, you're trying to make me sound like some kind of evil maniac. Now the point is that we are now working in an environment where we have accountability to each other. I am confident that you guys are equal to the task. No. Oh sh**t. Ha ha ha...You guys are never gonna shut down the machine, ok? But I appreciate your energy and your team work. If you applied this to your regular work, You won't even notice that the device is there, watching you ready to strike. Dwight be human for once. Shut down the machine. Let's just see how we feel when we get there. None taken. What do you got? Touche? Kelly, calm down. I don't think Jim cares about his hair. Well, Jim may be lying with his words, but he can't lie with his body. The male reveals attraction through unconscious and involuntary physical signs. The puffing of the chest, mirroring, increased blood flow to the crotch. I say we start there.Pam and The Sabre Code of Conduct outlines the governing principles key to establishing and maintaining trust with our employees, clients- Hey guys, uh, can't keep saying you're going into labor. Everyone knows you're full of it. It's not fair, you guys. Where is everyone? Where is Andy? Kelly? I love Jessica, and I haven't even met her yet. It's like we don't even need to meet, you know? I already love you. Stay home. Oh no, no. It's fine, Kelly. [laughing] Hello, ah. Merry Christmas, Erin. Kelly, Happy Pancha Ganapati. The five day Hindu celebration in December honoring the god Ganesh, Patron of the Arts. Fingerprints can be planted. You know with a severed hand... You can't click on these Kardashian links, that's why you have so many viruses. Hey. Game on. [group laughing] I don't know what I was thinking, it was awful... Jessica, did you just fart? [group stops laughing] Ron Artest, Kelly. Oh yeah! You can actually stop. The main stone's missing. Kelly, that's a crazy ring you found. I can't believe you're wearing it. Are you not superstitious at all? Oh, I don't think you're being silly. Hey, hey, hey Dwight. It's okay. Just rest. Just rest. There's cross-hatching in some of these. That's kind of advanced for a two-year-old. No. What?! Duh- Wait. I just feel weird. I should just call him. May I have your attention please? Could Kathy, Darryl, Phyllis, Kevin and Kelly please join me in the conference room immediately? Oh, no big deal. It's just that you five have been deemed most deserving of a three week all expenses paid business trip to Tallahassee, Florida. Ok, it's obvious Andy picked the people that are least important to the office. No. That is a ridiculous waste of time. I have been given the responsibility to manage Stanley, a solid player, Ryan, who is capable of surprises, Erin, an excellent follower and Kathy, a probably not totally useless enigma. And, well, Jim. Under the right manager, that's not a bad team. Perfectinschlag. Me neither. Hey, will you put this coat on my chair? I just realized I'm not going to need it down there. Oh great. [overlapping chatter] Phone's ringing. Somebody! Answer the phone. Paid. And delivered. It happens! Like a hospital needs more napkins for surgery... Thank you. Kelly, remember how you wanted to go home before? "I got too much ice cream. You want some?" "Getting' my fry on." "You're such a great friend, dot dot dot dot dot." That's it, last one.[Everyone applauds] What do you got? Black eye, Meredith. Bye. There's no shame in getting beaten up by a girl. My ex-wife used to demolish me. a twelve year old female bully. Yeah. Thanks. We should stay to maybe some more traditional models... Okay, this is what's called pre-violent posturing. Baby, if you're watching this, you're not chubby, you're beautiful. Daddy's just got to sell some cookies. And we're also gonna exercise more. It's gonna be fun. [Dwight and Jim enter office] Hey, hey. They're back. [Everyone greets them] Yeah, the crazy thing about that is, um, wow you look great. Did you lose some weight? Mm, let's see, review, review, review. Yes, good stuff. Here you go, have a raise. That's it. [talks over flashbacks] Kelly has been a handful in the past. I found this the other day while I was journaling and they reminded me of you. Yeah, the fractional ownership property. [sigh] Oh, we took this one right before we got in that huge fight. I saw you were getting along with Ryan again. Yeah, he's so great. Remember how it felt when he cheated on you though? You see, Kelly? Our love scares them. It screws up their cookie-cutter world. Kelly, I have a few things to say to you, so please don't interrupt. Thank you. Kelly, I can't promise you that we'll always stay together. I can't promise you that I'll never cheat on you. Nor should I. Modern marriages aren't built that way. Men aren't built that way. There's a very interesting article I can email to you. But I can tell you this. Even if the odds are fifty-fifty that we'll break up within the week, I wanna roll those dice. I love you, Kelly. Will you roll those dice with me? No you don't. No you don't. What? [they hug] No matter how hard it gets for you, eh- Kelly, seriously, I- Do you not own a mirror? I know, right? What is it? You always look so good in those things. [into phone] Operation Phoenix is a go. Just get the car ready. Kelly Kapoor is gone. Her fiancé Ravi was hired as a pediatrics professor at Miami university. My wife's name is Kathryn. I can show you my social security card if it helps. Kelly, you're here. Hey. Say "hi", Drake. Yeah. No Kelly, he's no named after a hip-hop artist from 2011. It's Drake, like a mix of Drew and Blake. I now pronounce you man and wife. [everyone cheers] Release the doves! [doves do not move right away] Are you sure you don't wanna go in? Thank you Ravi. Thank you so much. This is great for me and for Drake. Thank you. He'll be fine. I let me suck on a strawberry. He's allergic but he'll get over it fast. I had to talk to you. I love you. We're gonna be together forever. My wife's name is Kathryn. I can show you my social security card if it helps. Kelly, you're here. Hey. Say "hi", Drake. Yeah. No Kelly, he's no named after a hip-hop artist from 2011. It's Drake, like a mix of Drew and Blake. I now pronounce you man and wife. [everyone cheers] Release the doves! [doves do not move right away] Are you sure you don't wanna go in? Thank you Ravi. Thank you so much. This is great for me and for Drake. Thank you. He'll be fine. I let me suck on a strawberry. He's allergic but he'll get over it fast. I had to talk to you. I love you. We're gonna be together forever. Eww. I hate hospitals. In my mind they are associated with sickness. Oh... She looks like an angel. Kelly, you are Hindu, so you believe in Buddha. Are you sure? You spend your whole life trying to get people to like you, and then you run over one person with your car. [sighs] And it's not even one of the popular ones, and everybody gets on your case. Doesn't make any sense... God is dead. [crosses finish line] And the winner is Toby Flenderson. Where are we? Michael... [Kelly enters conference room in a flirty red dress] Yeah, he is. Any other questions? [Kelly's hand goes up] Kelly Kapoor. So, how are you? Good. Kelly... It's too little. Use the phone. Kelly, I'm your boss now, OK? You can't keep talking to me like I'm your boyfriend. I never cared about you? Six months ago Karen Filipelli sent me an email. Asked me out. I said no, because I was committed to our relationship. Well, I hope you're still committed because I'm pregnant. [shaking head] OK. OK. I can... I can't talk about this right now, OK? After work, we'll go out to dinner, we'll talk about it then, OK? Ok. I look forward to hearing your ideas. [Michael retreats back to office] [to Kelly] Where do you wanna go? Kelly, come on. [walks away] You don't? You lied about being pregnant. You really don't understand why that might make me kind of angry? We're never getting back together. Really? 'Cause Ryan says so? Yes it's too tight. This is why I'm here? Oh good. Okay cool. How many pounds do you think I could lose by 7? Dunder Mifflin. This is Pam. What are you doing? I am in the fight of my life against this computer and every sale counts. Here you go. So you still missing Ryan? Okay, honestly, it was unlikely I was gonna figure this out anyways. [Kelly laughs] Why is Darryl here? He works in the warehouse. There's information here? Yeah, you're right, I don't need this. Hey, get off. I have plans later. As an object. Okay, um, Oscar, I'm going to need to take another advance on my salary. I have my daughter tonight; we're renting Charlotte's Web. My daughter. That was cold. It's like she only wants to hook up when Ryan comes around. It's gotten to the point where I get excited every time I see that little dude walk through the door. Hey, I like you. Oh yeah, what's not to like? But you need to access your uncrazy side, otherwise maybe this thing's run its course. Slow down, think it over. Dunder Mifflin.Andy, Creed, Kevin, Dunder Mifflin.Andy, Creed, Kevin, [singing in different tune] Out of paper, out of stock, there's friendly faces around the block, break loose from the chains that are causing your pain. Call Michael, Stanley, Jim, Dwight or Creed. Call Andy and Kelly for your business paper needs. Call Dunder Mifflin.Andy, Creed, Kevin, Dunder Mifflin.Andy, Creed, Kevin, You're right, it's better than you! It's us! [sings] Dunder Mifflin.Andy, Creed, Kevin, [flashback to Kelly's birthday, hiding in the elevator] Happy Birthday! The warehouse got a ping pong table last week. Now Jim comes down and plays with Darryl. Sometimes I bring him juice. My boyfriend is 12. Hi, Kelly. I don't wanna guess. It's not my boyfriend. I think it's a guy over here [points to Jim]. What, seriously? What is she saying? [flashback, to Pam] Your boyfriend is so weak, he needs steroids just to watch baseball. [flashback, to Pam] Jim couldn't h*t a ping pong ball if it was the size of the moon. Okay.Diane Well, delivery is all wrong. She's butchering it. Jan and I had an off again, on again relationship for two years. And I know this destroys her case, and I am sorry, but I throw myself at the mercy of the deposition.Diane Irie, sorry. "More tomorrow. xoxo, Michael." It would appear, that neither you nor Ms. Levinson considered you had a relationship in any sense of the word. Is that correct?Diane I don't think anyone in this room has the right to read my diary.Diane I love you too.Diane Alright, alright. This is the way I see it. Yes, I had sex with Jan, and yes, I did consider Jan to be my girlfriend. However, Jan clearly didn't consider me to be her boyfriend. So her actions are completely rightful.Diane Thank you very much. You didn't have to say that.Diane That was before our relationship. She was going through a divorce, and she was drinking a lot... [Jan glares at Michael] ...of water.Diane March 17th.Diane Yes.Diane [reading the performance review] "I am out of carrots. I am out of sticks. Mr. Scott has time and again proven himself to be an unmanageable employee, and a poor branch manager. I recommend he be removed from that position and re-assigned to sales where he belongs."Diane [stares at Diane, eyes tearing up]Diane [watches Jim score in ping-pong against Darryl] Yes! Way to go. [looks at Kelly] See that? 19, serving 4. [serves and scores] You know what? I'm sick of this! Let's go, you and me! Let's go. Pick up a paddle. I am. In my sleep. O. [hits the ping-pong ball, and it hits the net] [serves] P. I don't get the big fuss here, I like the site. Do you have a question Kelly? Way to go, man. No!! Come on, gimme something good! Yup. Good morning, Kelly. Fine. Good. [still watching video of Ryan] Oh my God. Ryan... Oh my God. I've been carrying that ring around in my wallet for six years. Because you don't know when you're gonna meet the right girl and the moment's gonna be right. And tonight, with the fireworks, and the music, and everything... it was right. You're shaking. Are you all right? Just leave me alone! Still good. You guys lost a pound. You lost one pound. Oh nothing. It's just some of us are taking this really seriously. Kelly. I wanted to say I'm sorry... for treating you bad the past couple years. I was in my mid twenties and I was goin' through a lot of stuff. I think I never fully processed 9/!!. Um, I want you to know I've changed. We should get a drink later. Catch up. Pick me up around eight? That--- I, um... cool. Well maybe I'll see you around. Hell of an ass. Kelly, will you just agree to stop this mess and stop trying to k*ll yourself? [Kelly eating in the break room] Hey, is that healthy food? Thank you. In fact, spending a half hour at the water cooler during work hours is a form of stealing. [to Holly] Can't set 'em up like that. You are a thief of joy. Anybody else. Yeah? She already has a stroller. Yeah, it's a really nice transition from womb to world, you know, kind of like a big womb. [dressed as Raggedy Ann] Shh. He wears that so he can sleep at his desk. Who are you? Mm. I like your shoes. [Kelly has 5-inch heels on] I got her, I got her. I can help you. You look amazing. Gordon Gekko. Yeah, so there you go. Oh, wow, so quickly. You love your mom. I'm not, I'm not getting married. So... [laughs] Psych. And I'm out a fiancee. Are those the customer surveys? [jumps into Kelly's area] Ha! [Kelly screams in surprise] Hear anything interesting? [laughs] I think you know. What are you up to, girl? Huh? Phyllis put you up to this? Stanley? Are they paying you? Let's just -- Let's head back to the desk. The reason that I got bad customer reviews is because I didn't! There is a massive conspiracy going on here, and I know you're involved. [enters breakroom] Hey. Sorry about Dwight, by the way. Well, we all handle it differently. I personally choose to handle it like a normal person, but... Hey, how are you and Darryl? No, no, no, no. Dwight, Dwight, Dwight. Let's talk about this. Why don't you tell us? Dwight. [to Kelly] I was informed by these gentlemen that the reports that you filed may not entirely be accurate. What's going on? [looks momentarily flattered, but thinks better of it] Kelly. You cannot say "I was r*ped" and expect all of your problems to go away, Kelly. Not again. Don't keep doing that. I'll give you one last chance to come clean. Just tell me what happened. Don't. Don't. Get away from that, Dwight, please. You know what? She's got a point about you two. You do have a problem dealing with people. You were lying. I have an enormous amount of trouble trying to get people to come to my place. And I hate it. I can't tell you how much leftover guacamole I have ended up eating over the years. I don't even know why I make it in such great quantities. Here's what we're gonna do. We are going to sit here for a while, make it look good. And maybe you should cry. Can you make yourself cry? [walks into Kelly's cubicle and sets a box down on the desk] Just checking out where I'm going to be pretty soon. When Pam gets back. Gonna be close quarters. Gonna be a lot of tension. This looks like where I'll probably do my pushups every day. [gets on floor and starts doing pushups] Is that supposed to impress me? [Ryan starts trying to do one-armed pushups] [talking head] No. Not going to happen. He has hurt me too much and too often. And I am in a healthy relationship so I'm not gonna flaunt it and I'm not gonna hurt him, but that door is closed. Slept like a baby. This has to happen again. Darryl can't happen again. Look at me. Do you want me to do more push-ups? Okay. You have to break up with Darryl. I already typed out a text message for you. All you have to do is press "send". Has to be done. We'll press send together. [phone beeps] I'd like to see him try. [kisses Kelly... cell phone beeps] That's all he wrote? Can I see it? Didn't you two date for like a long time? Welcome back. We're back. I--- I realized that for whatever reason I... just couldn't do better than kelly. You're taking two? Yeah why don't you send that to him in Costa Rica? [kissing Kelly against her desk] You did that for me? Huh? He might do it... I--- Pam, I am hopeless at that stuff I... I, uh... [stops kissing Kelly] I can't do this. It's not fair to you. And it's really not fair to me. That was your choice; don't put that on me. I'm just going on a little trip. It's not that kind of trip. I'm going to Thailand with some friends from high school, well, a high school. And if I don't do it now I'll never get to go. And I'll always resent you for it... you don't want me to resent you, do you? Let's be adults about this. Let's have sex one more time. And if you have any extra cash, that would be amazing. Oh, thank you my dear. Okay, you know what Toby? One of my employees is undergoing a crisis and I wish for just once you would take my side on this. I'm doing your job man. Hey, are you texting? [watching from the conference room] I can't believe they're gonna fight over me. Come on, coward! Where are you? Where... [spots a note attached to the bushes; goes to read it] "From the desk of Andrew Bernard." [scoffs] A note. Pathetic. "Dear Dwight, by now you have received my note. How are you? I am well. You are no doubt wondering why I have left this note. It has come to my attention that in any physical match with you, I would surely be bested." True. "The soft underbelly of my refined upbringing is my soft underbelly..." [as Dwight continues to read, Andy drives around the corner very slowly] Kevin, c'mon. That's not good. Oh my God! Dwight! Ok everybody, I've figured it out. The reason that you are all so stressed around me is that you are too intimidated to tell me what you really think. [Jim shakes his head at the camera] You are keeping these feelings inside, and that is what's causing stress. So, what is the solution? Solution is honesty, laughter, and comedy. In short... Hey Hey, I don't go make burgers where you work and then tell you how to make burgers. Ha ha! [front door slams, Kelly walks by] Hey, Kelly. Excuse me, that is no way to address a superior. So this is fun. We just wanted to say we are very sorry. If you say screw you one more time... [while Dwight and Kelly are arguing] Guys guys guys guys guys guys. We just want to make it up to you. What can we do? Okay. What kind of cake do you want imbecile. [shouts from another room] What did you do? What did you do? Why don't you tell Jim where you were from ages 14 to 15. Yeah, if she's old enough to get married, she's old enough to follow the law. [to Kelly] What did you do? Hey, you know what? I got you a cake. And... ta da. How do you hate it? It's a cake. I forgot if there was an "e" between the "l" and the "y." I still don't know. Frosting. [smiles, sighs, chuckles] Okay. Not a surprise. What?! You have a cake. You have a delicious cake, with your name spelled correctly? You haven't heard our theme, though. That's our theme. Yeah? Bonnie Hunt is on. Ahem. This is for you... and [puts blanket around her shoulders] ...Happy Birthday, Kel. [turns off lights] Okay, you've got one hour. [shuts door] Yeah. [Jim leans in for a kiss but Pam turns away] She's fine. [seeing Kelly tear a paper heart in half] What are you doing? I'll help. [Meredith tears the wings off of a Cupid] Now it's just a stupid baby. Well here we all are. Alone but together. No flowers for us. [in a Mexican accent] Relationships, we don't need no stinking relationships. I think we should all go around and tell our worst relationship story, and then get past it, just blow through it, yeah? Kelly, what about Ryan? He treated you pretty terribly, yeah? Nobody's after me, I just, I met a woman when I was giving blood and I thought she might come by. It's not a big deal really, I just, you know met somebody, we hardly talked, I picked up her glove so I was hoping I could give it back to her. It's possible. Believe me its nothing. I hardly even talked to her we just, we were lying there next to each other, I think our blood bags touched. Really? [everybody signifies their agreement, and Kelly gives Michael a piece of cake] Oh, thanks. I met this guy at corporate last week and we were just digging each other's vibe. I was totally grooving on him and vice-versa. And besides, the last two people to have his job were Jan and Ryan. The former was my lover, and the latter my best friend. So, who knows? I do. [in British cockney accent] It's gonna be mental! It's going to be mental. Thanks again, Charles. [on phone] Damn it, Stephanie, put me through to him. Is that him in the background? David? David! David, pick up the phone! And for my next trick, I will make my career disappear. It's just me here. I think he left. [Kelly runs to parking lot in the rain] Hello, Charles? Charles! I had no idea when I got in that car and headed to New York I was going to quit. I got on that ramp and I thought two hours, two hours to go. Feeling good. Listen to some tunes. Should've peed before I left. You know, you can run this stuff by Toby. I'm sorry, I didn't realize you were with anyone. I just wanted to bring you the brochure on that accounting seminar that I was telling you about. Earlier. Did Michael just let anybody in his office?Angela and I am aware of the effect I have on woman. Okay. Bye Charles. Well you'll let me know. Good bye. Just want to fill you in on a few details. As you know, I will be running the branch while we search for Michael's replacement. So please feel free to come to me with any questions or concerns. [Kelly raises hand] Yeah. I would like to invite you all to come away with me, on a journey. [nips mylar ribbon with hedge clippers, it won't cut, he tears it down] Welcome! To the Michael Scott Paper Company! You realize you're not actually talking to me, right? Hey Kelly? Oh, and Kelly... Erin. Okay, that's very pretty. Okay, Tuna. Hi, everyone. What do you hear? Meredith, too far! I really love your outfit. [exits the conference room in an undershirt] I'm gonna need two able bodied men. This dance competition is not over. Yeah. No. Well, ok. Well, stop trying to poke me with a sharp thing. I, I - but you're not a professional and I'm thinking maybe we should have gone to a professional. Are you sure that's not the "gay" ear? Well, I... Count to twen - count to twenty. Agh! Son of a b*tch! It was? 06[ Subtle Sexuality, Webisode 01 - "Creative Differences" ] Oh. Did we come up with a new name? Cool. More eyeliner. It's about me. [who has been sitting at the table all along eating his lunch] Do you guys need to do this here? This is a public area. No. It's not gonna read on camera unless there's a lot. What can I say? I love music. If I had to choose a lifetime without music or without sex, I would go a lifetime without sex. Girls would find other ways to take care of me. And I'm the minister. Are we doing this or not? My blood-sugar is getting low! Rolling? [Kelly inhales the cigarette, chokes and spits] That's it. I'm done. I've got somewhere to be. Is that a wrap? Absolutely. Maybe you can do it alone? I thought that I could do it. Would you be able to kiss him? So they asked me to audition for Subtle Sexuality so I gave them a little [makes electric guitar sounds]. Followed by some [scatting]. And, I sealed the deal with [old school rap beats]. This guy? You're really gonna make out with this guy? We've met before... Can I still be in the video?[ Subtle Sexuality, Webisode 03 - "The Music Video" ] Amazing! Kelly got Andy to edit it for us in exchange for a small part. You guys. DVD. Finished. [everyone screams]['Male Prima Donna' music video] Oh - oh. I bet there's something there. I was with them in the kitchen yesterday, and they were all too happy to be cleaning the freezer. If somebody doesn't tell me, I'm gonna start screaming. [approaching Kelly's desk, whispering] Stanley is having an affir. [to Kelly] I'm worried about Erin, because she's not a very good worker. I don't know how long she's gonna last here. Yeah. So... and Andy is gay. [eating cake with Kelly] I am so happy you're eating again. Okay, okay... here's the thing. There was one true rumor out there today. I didn't want everybody to know what it was. So all of you are off the hook, except for this one person. Okay. [leaves room] [gasps, then cheers] Hey Kelly. Thank you. Um, listen I just wanted to confirm that you're not coming to the wedding, which is totally understandable and more than fine. We invited everyone in the office to our wedding. Even though we realized most people wouldn't be able to make the drive to Niagara Falls. [whispers] Which is why we're having it in Niagara Falls. [normal volume] Then Michael told everyone they could have Friday and Monday off, if they came. So now, people have to decide if they want to come to our wedding or have to work. That is not the way I heard it. Really what it is, is about the money the sales staff brings into the office. Jim is only giving raises to the salesmen. Hold on, Kelly. Would it help you to know that Jim thinks you're smart? [in Andy's car, Andy driving] Hey, do one of you guys want to sit up front with me so I have someone to talk to? It's like a five hour drive-ish, you know. Oh. Gross. You call that a robot? Try being more robotic, ok? Like this. Oooh yeah... [people chuckle] Jim and Pam! Really was. Well, he could still... I'm sorry about that... Oh could I just get you to sign this second page. Ahh, I don't think so, no... I'd rather not say. [Ryan and Kelly talking] ...it should go with the persona you already have. Where did you get that mallard? That! Okay, I gave that to him that as a gift, I'm taking that back. Deal. [pays Ryan and takes the mallard back] Black widow. Can you breathe okay? Wait a minute. [looks at the bag in Michael's hand] Is that another birthday present for me cause you already gave me a necklace. Quick question. What punch? I'm pretty sure we said slap. You're just a bunch of voyeurs. Are you eating popcorn? Crazy world. Lotta smells. He knew all along! Hello. Sorry guys. [louder, face is scratched up.] Sorry guys. I'm not sure I've earned the right to make announcements yet. But whoever is giving me the Twelve Days of Christmas? As my Secret Santa? Please stop. I can't take it anymore. My cat k*lled a turtledove; the French hens have started pulling out my hair to make a nest. Please. Stop. Hey David. It's true. We all walk alone. [Jo leaves] I, uh... [reading her Valentine's card from Andy] Oh my God. Well, okay... Geez louise. Well, everyone got one. Oh my God. I'm sorry, I thought you saw me. Cool, thanks. "Please don't read into this card. Yours in professionalism, Nard dog." It's n-- that wasn't... I like someone else. It's not... Whether or not, you... Ha, nerd. Okay. Who else here is single? Hello hello. Top of the morning to you! Ooh ooh! Green M&Ms! Nature's Viagra! [Grabs and pours Kevin-esque scoop of M&Ms into his coat pocket] Two of my favorite joke areas combined. It'll be a good day. Because it's St. Patrick's Day, people go out in groups. Why no kids? It doesn't matter. Fill them out. All of them. Then when you're done, you can watch me shred them. No it's - how would he even know the Kardashians? Yeah. Sometimes the acorn just stays the acorn. If you don't believe me, look in my gutters. Phew! Can't wait for this day to be over. Just all the - drama. Between the - us and you guys. It's unnecessary, right? Oh, good, phew, thank god you said that. I have new baby pictures. Guys, one second. [on dance videogame] Guys, guys, guys, please. [game ends] Ok, all right, it's all yours now. If we save 'em up, we can get more than a sticker this time. Thank you. [Dwight and Isabel kiss] Yes. God, Oscar, will you keep your pants on? It's easy. That's a little derivative. [walking back into the office] That was ugly. I'm sorry you had to see that. But Oscar is an accountant, and the Count counts numbers. One minority from this branch is going to get into this program. Who would I refer? Hmm... the competent, hardworking one who does things his own way, or the malleable simpleton who can be bought for a few fashion magazines? Oh, man. White people, right? Well, you can kinda tell from the voice. I bet you get pulled over by the cops a lot, just because of your race. I think you should consider applying for the executive minority training program. I know, 'cause you have no role models. How many Indian CEO's can you think of? You could be the Indian Bill Gates. You could be the Indian Ted Turner. How as being a minority affected you? Oh, good, and you resent this because... Oh, no, no. That's not dorky. [Dwight wears his phone like that] Look, it's easily accessible. Boom, like this. 911, hello. Scranton Strangler's in the house. Inside the house. Yes, it was. Hey... what are you guys doing? Tell her everyone in home room thinks she's fat. You know, we really should keep practicing for this interview. It's easy... you just turn every question around on them. Do you think you're treated differently because of your race? "We?" Yeah, unless somebody else applies today. Oh, dear God. Okay. Don't make any decisions just yet. Okay? I'll be right back. That's very nice. [referring to Kelly's bindi] I never noticed that before. Yeah. I don't want to be offensive but, uh... may I ask you what that means? I can protect you from Kelly. [Erin stifles laugh] Will you get out of here? Seriously. [Erin turns and leaves kitchen] Whoa, whoa. Whoa, whoa, whoa! This is Hide Toshi Hasagawa. He would like to apply for the Sabre minority executive training program "print in all colors" initiative. Helping heal America in a dramatic fashion in the 11th hour. They're going to be pretty pleased in Tallahassee that I snagged an Indian for the program. She'll be the first. The program's mostly black. It's almost too black. That didn't sound right. Oh, my God, thank you so much. I love that denim jumpsuit you have. How much? Hey, kiddo. Congratulations are in order. You deserve it. [Dwight extends his hand, but Kelly hugs him] Oh. Gosh. He he. We actually went to the Poconos last Tuesday. We headed up there, we went to a little Chinese bistro, um, P.F. Chang's. Because when your super-hot girlfriend says, "I wanna go to Mount Pocono," you go to Mount Pocono and you do her. And we screwed. Whoops. TMI. [chuckles nervously] Yeah. Hah. Hoo. Thank you. No, I bought them myself. Steamtown Mall. You know, I actually got them in Philadelphia, in a mall down there. People, this is Scranton. And many people consider that to be the Paris of northeastern Pennsylvania. And in Paris, it is rude for a woman to have less than four lovers. That is a dangerous game, friendo. I don't know why you were in that part of the bookstore. All right, that makes more sense. You should have said that at the beginning when you said, "I read a book about anthropology." I'm not scream-- I'm not screaming. Um... It's okay, she's cool, she also whistle-blew. Hey, hey, it's as interesting as a morgue. No. Okay, not all the computers, just our computers. Michael, you know you don't have to turn us all in. All you need is one scapegoat. Uh, yes. That probably had something to do with the camera work. Anybody else? Um... [Voice raised, Indian accent] Kelly, how are you? [on video] ...a little bit of Roooy eating chicken crispers... ...a little bit of Jim with some ribs, a little bit of... [quietly laughing] It wasn't. I swear. Who? Dave Barry? The "Spicy Curry" award goes to our very own Kelly Kapoor! Get on up here. Here you go. Um, not everything means something, it's just a joke. I don't know, it's just... I know. It's ju- they didn't have any more businessmen. So... We've got smoke! We've got smoke! Smoke! Gah! [Spots Kelly] Oh, Kelly! You're okay! I've got you! Cover your nose and mouth. Breathe through your nose. Definitely Jim. Come on, Pam. Mmm-hm-hmm. Interesting take on Dorothy. I love it. Hey, you know what would even be better? Soccer ball and cleats. "Bend It Like Beckham." [laughs] Yeah. That would be perfect. Ok. Good. Now watch, let me take you from behind. Umm... it was not that long ago. What did I say? What should we do to prepare for Y2K? Yeah, it surprised us all. I'll tell you why. Because when they--- [rips off the wrapping] Shower radio. Neat. I think this is going great. Well, it's for Angela, so .. I'll take the poster. Some people like these. I want the iPod. No. No. Definitely. It's .. [as Jim decorates a passed out Todd Packer] Oh, no. Oh, hello there. [Kelly leans up and kisses him] But what are you doing? Well, this... Yeah? To throw you off the scent. Well, just keep the tags on and you can return it. I don't think so, no. I bought my veil. Ummm... Ok. I was thinking about wearing it down. Kind of like, I don't know, like loose with big curls and... You're not his friend, you don't know. He is in love with a girl he works with who's engaged. So just cut me some slack. Please? As a volunteer Sheriff's Deputy I have been doing surveillance for years. One time I suspected an ex-girlfriend of mine of cheating on me. So I tailed her for six straight nights. Turns out she was, with a couple of guys actually so... mystery solved. Hey, Kelly. Um, just for the day while Michael's at my desk. Allergy to... the desk? Ed Truck. [exclaiming is disgust] Ed Truck was the manager before me. Horrible. He hated fun. It was like, "Oh, Ed Truck is walking toward us. Stop having fun. Start pretending to do work." What a jerk. He's... You know what? I swore to myself that if I ever got to walk around the room as manager, people would laugh when they saw me coming and would applaud as I walked away. Once, as a joke, Packer banged every chick in the office. [giggles] It was hysterical. That's what I told him. Thanks. [leaves] No, I don't think I can... Yeah, that's right. We could do a three-day weekend. I wonder if I could, like, call in sick on the Friday. Then I get a four-day weekend. Yeah. Sure. [on phone] Hey, Brenda. This is, uh, Jim Halpert from the boat. And I got your number from the corporate directory and, well, I was assuming that you probably gave it to them because you wanted me to ask you out, right? Um, so gimme a call back. You can get my number from said directory, um, or just check your e-mail 'cause I just sent you one. Yikes. Uh... give me a call back, I hope. I'll talk to you later. Bye. Four and a half. Great! Uh-huh? Oh, that's part of my dream too. Right. Par for the course is a golf term. It means right on track. Below par means worse. Wait... that should mean better, that doesn't make sense. Excuse me? I don't know what Michael was talking about. I don't know. [in the background] Kelly, I don't know what Michael's talking about. It was. Yes. Okay. Let's take five. I think we can all use five. Hey Kelly. What's up? OH, that's great. I'm really happy for [starts to walk away] Wow. Wow. No, don't be. I bet. Yeah, yeah. Soda. [under breath] Oh, no, not while I'm here. I can't tonight. I have plans with my friends. My mom. [puts card in pocket] You know what? Here's the deal, Kelly. It would be really nice if he was in to you, right? It'd be great, but he isn't. Well, he's not, though. So you just gotta suck it up. You just gotta move on. Try to have some fun. Come to my poker game tonight. They are unrelated. Yes. Thank you, Angela. Maybe we'll use a DJ. That's the one thing Roy's in charge of for this wedding but all he's managed to do is set a date. Actually, I don't see myself ever getting married. Can you put that down there? Alright, I wasn't expecting that. Let's uh... let's go draw. I guess I wouldn't mind a pair of small, well-behaved boys. Come on! [Kelly glares through the door] You have an email address? Mmhmm. What? A little fishy? Oh, okay. Um, I might have skin cancer. Kelly, you know what... No, it's alright. It's already up. Just leave it. Where's Kevin? Come on! Let's get our skate on! [laughs] Jim does the best impressions. Sometimes he'll look up at me from his desk and he'll just be someone else. Like he'll go um, [makes mournful face, giggles] that's supposed to be Phyllis. I can't do it as good as he can. Stop! This is not Kelly Kapoor story hour. Illegal dr*gs were consumed on company property, okay? Your ass is on the line, mister! My ass is is on the line! Now I'm going to ask you again. What time did you go home last night? Good. Hey guys, what's going on? Oh, okay. Well, Michael wants to see everyone in the conference room. [Jim shakes his head. Seems relieved to be getting away from Kelly] But you know what? We have a few minutes so you guys should definitely finish up your conversation. [Jim nods his head as if to say, "Gee, thanks, Pam."] My voicemail's really spotty... sometimes... To your HR representative. Something with animals. Or people. I got them a toaster. They called off the wedding and gave the toaster back to me. I tried to return the toaster to the store, and they said they no longer sold that kind of toaster. So now my house has got two toasters. In the Martin family, we like to say, "Looks like someone took the slow train from Philly." That's code for "check out the slut." What is... why are there flies in here? This. Yes, I have a date. He's a cartoonist for the local paper, which is really neat, because I like to draw too. I'm kind of nervous. I haven't been on a first date in nine years... probably shouldn't broadcast that. Sleep with who? Whom, whom... whom? Thank you for being so brave with all of this. Thank you. Mm-hmm. Oh my God. Dwight got a hooker! Oh my God, I gotta call... well, I gotta call somebody, I don't even know who to call. Dwight got a hooker! I don't want ketchup. [pulling her new shirt out of a box] Ok. Really? I don't know. Not at work, I'll try it on--- [Pam walks out of the bathroom wearing her new red shirt] Woooooow. [smiling] It's too much. I'm gonna return it. Thanks. Attention, everybody. I just received a call from corporate with some news they felt that I should know first. My old boss Ed Truck has d*ed. We don't know if it's dead. Thanks. It's okay. It's okay. [pats Kelly on shoulder] Shh... yes, I know, I know. It's been a tough day, but it's good to let it show. Glad you could all make it. I wake up every morning in a bed that's too small, drive my daughter to a school that's too expensive, and then I go to work to a job for which I get paid too little, but on Pretzel Day? Well, I like pretzel day. Uh huh. Wrong. He hated himself. What is the DHARMA initiative? Sales take a long time. I'm sure Dwight will protect him. He's not weird, he's just individualistic. Nice dress, Ryan. Tonight, one of our most ethnic co-workers, Kelly, has invited us all to a Diwali celebration put on by her community. What is Diwali, you may ask? Well, to have Kelly explain it [girly voice] it's ada blah blah blah, it's so super fun and it's going to be great. [normal voice] Lot of gods with unpronounceable names. Twenty minutes later you find out that is essentially a Hindu Halloween. Really you do. I love the material. How come you didn't get me one? Oh, I don't know. I haven't decided yet. Maybe. I just ...I don't really have anyone to go with. Diwali is a very important holiday for the Hindus. But, frankly, I'm a little appalled that none of you know very much about Indian culture. So, without further ado, Kelly you are on. Kelly? Um... why don't you tell us a little bit about the origins of the holiday. How many gods do you have? What? They said something about Zach Braff. Temp! Temp! Pflut! Pflut! Stop it right now. Ryan is a temporary worker, makes no money. Wally is a whole doctor. So handsome. I don't want to blame anyone in particular. I think everyone's to blame. Oh, yeah, totally. Please? Kelly! Really? Great. What's new with you? Nope, no. Guests only. Nope. Um... for the guests it is. For you, consider it cow-meat. Strictly taboo. Oh right. Oh no, this is different. The CIA thing, that was a prank on Dwight. This is more like a umm... OK, it's pretty much the same thing. Fruity and delicious. Oh, you guys, guys, um... I'm sorry, but there's a problem with the karaoke machine. [everyone sighs] Something 'bout the way your hair falls in your face... [Dials cell Phone] And this is Dunder-Mifflin. Hey, Kelly, it's Jim. Yes. I kind of arranged it. Kelly don't do this. You know what you're doing. Riiight. The gym. [snickers] I thought you're not supposed to wear white to a wedding. I know but there was an emergency. Dammit, Phyllis! What do you mean? Pam's with Roy. I'm with Karen. And, uh, Brangelina is with Frangelina. Movin' on. Oh, yeah! We have such a solid foundation, you know. Yeah. Oh, you should come to my art show, by the way. I mean, it's not a big deal, but I think a lot of people from the office will be there. ...Wait, Ryan said that? Animals can't feel pain. Flush him towards the door. On my go... NOW! It is... a message. It is an inspiration, it is... a source of beauty. And without paper, it could not have happened. Unless, you had a camera. It's only temporary, okay? Don't get excited. Yeah. Thanks Dwight. I can't imagine what I would have done. Well that was funny, that's why. Mm-hmm. Okay. Can you stop... Guys... [sighs] Fine. I don't know what you're talking about. Where? I'm gonna smack you in the head with a hammer. Come on, let's go. Alright. Don't you see why that's insane? [mouth full of pretzels] Oh, I... Then what'd he do? [Kelly's phone rings] Fat butt disease, Michael? Yeah? I bet you'd like to swim with this sea monster, wouldn't you? Dude, tell your girl to shut up. Kelly, you insulted the gentleman. Please apologize. They might think "Hey, I should have been nicer to Michael." But that's... not why I'm doing this... Then, I land on the trampoline, take a couple extra bounces for fun. I climb off, walk around the corner... Ta-freakin'-da! [Dwight nods] I guess I forgot. [kisses Kelly, gathers up all the money] Kelly's training us? The only difference between me and a homeless man is this job. I will do whatever it takes to survive. Like I did... when I was a homeless man. I wonder how many phone calls you're missing while you're teaching us to answer calls. Can you just tell us what we need to do so we can go? Oh! Can I be [horrible Australian accent] Australian, mate? [in accent] 'ello, mate! [on phone] Excuse me? Well, I don't see how that's our fault. And I've already told you, the official position of Dunder Mifflin is apologetic, so I don't know what you want from me. [hangs up] That's not what I had in mind. [on phone] Where are you from? Ohio? That's nice. So what do you want? [to Kelly] He's upset about the watermark. [on phone] It was an unfortunate error.We're fixing it.And you already got your money back... All right. Hope nobody's on a diet. OK. New topic. Kelly, how are things with Ryan? OK, it stopped. [snickers at Pam's sketch] That is pretty cool. Phyllis is out. Yes! [to Kelly] Follow my voice. Follow my voice. Yeah, keep it moving. Keep it moving. Right this way. Looking good. [Cheers] Don't worry. You're not... No where near the big rock. OK, who's hungry [Kevin starts to put hot dog in mouth] No, no, no. Do not touch the food. Please. Not yet. That is our next event. A hot dog eating contest. [sighs at the table] For those of you who are curious, the world record is 54 and one half hot dogs. Wow! And you know what? I personally have cooked up enough so each and every one of you could break that record. So sh**t for the stars, OK? Alright, the team that eats the most hot dogs in ten minutes will be declared the winner. On you mark. Get set. The winner gets a regional manager's salary for a year, and a Sebring, and the feeling that they are making a difference in the world. Four. Three. Two. One. Stop your eating! And the winner is Andy Bernard, with 14 hot dogs! Yeah. Ummm, hmm... True. Look, I don't want to leave this branch that I love to an outside hire therefore we are going to have a one hundred point winner take all sudden death tribal council round. To test the aspect of my job that I think is the most important, something I call the Bob Hope factor. God! He's a comedian. Who's Amanda Bynes? I've never heard you talk that much. I thought it was Kelly. [on phone, smiling] I'm excited too. Okay. Bye. [still smiling] Nobody. You and I are done.