So how can I help you? Well this is America, so you should just get a job or something. Uh, if you asked me to do it, I'm sure I did it. Yeah, strawberries are ripe. Wait a minute. Michael, do something. We can relax. Let's get our Sweeney on. It's just good to stop a Michael train of thought early before it derails and destroys the entire town. It is? Wait! What you should do, Michael, is have a doctor take a look at it. Because we really don't know what that is. I never seen herpes on you. I don't even wanna know these things! Well I'm not gonna use my penis, Oscar! It's not exactly hard right now anyway. I'm doing this for you Meredith! Yes. Your two o'clock. [Danny enters] Danny Cordray. It's great to meet you. I'm gonna take off my coat, if you don't mind. It's a bit warm in here. Okay. Pull it together, all right? Stop lookin' at him. Well, actually, uh... no, Miss Van Helsing, that's not why I'm here. I'm here to meet you, see if we'd be a, you know, good fit. We should think of this as a first date. And I think it's going very well, how 'bout you? Stay- Oh, man! Meredith, I- Como estas, senor? Yeah, sure. You know what? I may have parked my car in a compact space, and I hate when I see others do that, so- I said stop. Okay, Danny...this is not Pennsylvania Solartech. This is Dunder-Mifflin Paper Company. This is Meredith Palmer- Fifty seven. Fifty eight. Got it. China has fifty six cities with a population of over one million. The US has... nine. Okay, now where were we before I bested Oscar? No? Good. Did anyone get drunk already? I wonder if these presents would be under as much scrutiny if I were white. Come on. Hi, Toby. Yeah. It's so cold. Even with my coat on. And Merry Christmas. I am. Zip it, Meredith. And you know those annoying geese at the park? Well, he's helping eradicate them as well. I mean, I think they've really become a pest. Yeah, just a little, I have a lot to deal with today. Over the weekend, Ryan Bailey Howard and I got divorced. [throws ring on the ground] Boo! Uh, it was. Speaking of, Gabe, I don't see Erin at this meeting. They're still good for another week. Hey, what's up guys? Michael's recommendation was glowing! And, honestly, he's been nothing but nice to me! Uh oh, looks like someone's sign is a little crooked. Uh, looks awful. Need a thumb tack? I will trade you for the used candle. Come on, its trash, like your sign, unless you have this. I want to be manager. I just don't understand why I wasn't even interviewed for the job. What's wrong? I was totally qualified, you were pushing for me. Here we go, alright got it? Set? [the door is ajar, Michael knocks lightly] Hello? [turns around to see Meredith walking towards her house] Do you usually leave your door unlocked? And ajar? Yes you did. That's right! Congratulations Meredith. We should head out. Which moves us to, Best Mom Dundie. [Pam gets ready and Jim smiles at her] I guess we all kinda consider her a mom around the office. Meredith Palmer! You know, herpes affects one in five sexually active adults? [manager looks up, angrily at Michael] Pippy Longstocking, Ronald McDonald's wife, Ron Howard, Ron Weasley, what do thay all have in common? Red heads. Erin Hannon, come on up here and receive your Cutest Red Head in the Office Award! [Erin looks thrilled and walks up to the stage] Nine million, nine hundred eighty six thousand minutes! That's like watching Die Hard, eighty thousand times! So this is the dream team. The dream team... and Meredith. [in conference room with the party planning committee] So Michael said we can do whatever we want cake-wise. What do we want? Hmm, let's hear here out. I would like to hear more about these cakes. [Angela and Pam look uncomfortable] Good God... I don't, I don't think we sh- [trying to find a pitch] Eeeeeeee... There's like this crazy ringing going on. I can't - eeeeeee... I can't find perfect C. Yeah, I actually know about nice rings and it is gorgeous. It's a little flashy. I mean, what am I? Naomi Judd? Uh-- I'm a woman. I would want to know. I got away with... everything, under the last boss, and it wasn't good for me, at all. So, I want guidance. I want leadership. But don't just, like, boss me around, you know? Like, lead me. Lead me... when I'm in the mood... to be led. Hey! Hey! Hey! Okay. Robert's in the annex, everybody think quick. What do these groups have in common? That's not it. Dwight! [Everyone's phone vibrates] Oh, text from Kevin. [spraying Meredith and Creed with water g*n] Loser. Losers. [Dwight holding up "L" to his forehead] Let me call you back. [Singing] rub a dub dub...I got scrubbed. ‘Sup, darlin'? Everybody, this is Justine. [murmurs of hello from the group] This is Jim and Oscar, everybody. Well I never got thanked for coming into a meeting and I always wanted to be so I'm gonna thank people. Twenty points. I like what we have. Jim, he's not gonna star- [Dog lunges for open window and barks] Bye. [Andy barks] Yeah. I don't know about Stephen King, I mean... Oh, god. I need you to call the billboard company. Which one did you see? I've seen this, that's not you. No. Dad, no. I'm just having a good time getting to know Andy's friends here. Look, I stayed up all night and I watched that gd wedding, and then I came to work and I made everyone else watch it all day. Meredith wasn't even here. I thought you were at your sister's funeral. What I said was, "My sister's funeral is this weekend." Didn't say I'd be there. [in the bathroom with Robert[ Yeah, I guess sometimes I have nightmares about being buried alive. Amongst them was a man, tall, slim. Pitiful. I don't want no Kwanza wreath, I don't need a dreidel in my face, that's it's own thing. And who's that black Santa for?! I don't care! I know Santa ain't black! I could care less. I want Christmas! Just give me plain baby Jesus, lying in a manger, Christmas! OK, bye. [helps Meredith off the floor] Alright Meredith, Let's go, let's go. Hang on. What? What is all that? It's junk! You're a hoarder. My god! [laughs while spray painting "Jim is Awesome" on his own car, talks to porcupine in carrier] What are we gonna do with all that bonus money, Henrietta? Huh? Sh, sh, sh, sh, shh. Oh my god. Thank you, goodnight. I'm sure I am not. Let's get you home. Uh, all right. We need to divide up into teams, but it's winner-take-all so no need to divide evenly. We need an A-team, a backup team and a just-have-fun team. So you guys all know yourselves. This man had a fatwa declared on him when- [Erin rings bell] Einsteins? What is it? Salman Rushdie is correct. [applause] Heading out to sea, sailors. On a square-rigged ship, the sale set furthest forward is called what? [Erin rings bell] No. [another bell rings] [rings bell] Les Jolies Choses. It was me. Oh, I don't know, Meredith. It seems like you shouldn't drive maybe ever. How do you know where I live? Why? Whoa, you guys, I just found this insane engagement ring. Is anyone missing this? [to Val] You know, I don't think I've ever been in this exact angle before. I was scared at first, but I like it. We're in the pool! To madness. [Robert laughs] Hey, um, I think you parked my car in. Is there any way you can move your van? Mine was actually a pretty boring case, so- You mean food truck. Ernesto's was a food truck. Oh, I'm sorry Stanley, I can't share any more details with you. You see, Andy rejected you. I have a new swimsuit I need to break in.... I loved it. Get the damn phone. Andy, who punched you? [smacks Meredith's head] [screams] [runs out] That may have been my fault. Make them kiss each other. My warcraft clan was still on speaking terms. All right, guys, stop. Well, yes, uh... there is the whole moving to Scranton nonsense. Thirty boxes arrived yesterday from England and two trunks from Florida. Then I have to move in to my apartment in this dreadful, God knows where it is backwater suburb of a suburb, and I mean, no offense but are there a lot of Irish people living around here?Kevin & I actually sleep better when it's raining. Me, I guess. [sings.] We're flying so high, we're crackin' the sky! Gonna fly out of this dome my girlfriend and I! Well, if you would like to talk about this some more, my office is always open! So here's my office number, and my cell number. Can you just smile, please? Okay everyone. I had a conversation with Bob, and since I am going to be CEO now there'll be no need for him. Oh, yes, yes I see that! Perfect. In the parking lot today there was a circus. The copier did tricks on the high-wire, a lady tried to give away a baby that looked like a cat. There was a Dwight impersonator and a Jim impersonator; a strong man crushed a turtle. I laughed and I cried. Not bad for a day in the life of a dog food company. I'm so sorry, Andy, but for twenty years, the most trusted man in America - Walter Cronkite. And Meredith is a blood relative of Lizzie Borden. [Reading from computer] "Statistical correlations exist between EMF radiation and various health hazards. But mainstream studies are inconclusive!" That means you can't make me do squat. I'm getting older. I'm losing my hair... So, we will be leaving the office for one whole week. [bumps into Meredith] Sorry. That's impossible. [Dwight climbs through ceiling hatch] Dwight! What are you doing? Banana cream is the first to go. We'll be lucky to get pumpkin at this point! [group gasps] Atta boy Clark! You think I don't have anxiety? I have anxiety all the time. Every waking moment of my life is sheer t*rture. I have land disputes I've got to settle and idiot cousins to protect. And ne'er- do- well siblings to take care of. But I don't need some stupid pill to get me through all this. Ah ha! Ha!!! The jig is up, psychopath! Ah yeah! Gotcha! Gotcha! Yeah! Let's see ya get out of this web, huh? Oh. The media can make you famous. And do you have any idea how easy it is to sell something when you're famous? [Pretends to be on phone] "Uh, yeah wow. 10 reams of 40 pound bond at only $690 after discount? Um, whatever you say, Brad Pitt." It's that easy. Yeah. He's in rehab actually. No, it's in New Mexico. Guys, we can't let Dwight blow this. An account this size could double our growth. That means raises, bonuses... Pizza Friday could come back. No, I'm sorry but that is true. Thank you. I'm so proud of them. I carried each one of them for nine months inside of my torso and then pushed them out of my vag*na. It was, uh in the authentic design, right? So I mean, you really felt like Michael Jordan was wearing these shoes, so ... These are my painting clothes.I think I'm gonna do it. I am really gonna start painting the warehouse mural today. [Jim applauds] I wait. This next card comes to us thanks to Meredith Palmer, who called Eastern Pennsylvania Seminary a, quote ‘sausage factory.' [approving cheers] No!! I could get us a complaint. There are a bunch of construction workers in the warehouse without their trousers, drinking diet sodas. You have got to see this. They're extraordinary. I'm so sorry. I knew the party was today, but nobody asked me to plan it, so I didn't. Hmm, funny how that works. No. I want Tropical Christmas. [Plays a trumpet] And Pennsylvania Dutch Christmas has officially g*n. Can't wait. Aah! Ow! Hey Meredith, I need your supplier requests today. He didn't leave me. He just went part time. [Meredith scratches her head vigorously] Can you just fill out the form please? I'm sure she's just confused. People scratch their heads when they're confused. Not always like an ape, the way Meredith just did, but it happens. Pam, really? Come on. Hey, Meredith I need to tell you something. Oh my God, Meredith what are you doing!? Oh stop! I am so sorry! I can appreciate that. I also only eat local, organic produce. Wow. Bald people make me sick. No, no, it's not a big deal, please. No. Um, Meredith can I get you something special while I'm at the store, candy, or...or one of those stylish turbans? You don't want bugs. You know? Who knows where those bugs will end up? Oh my God. [everyone yelling at Pam]You guys, I am so sorry! It's just been so chaotic with Jim gone, that... I meant to say something earlier. I just... Just? Just what? Just forgot? Hey honey, it's me. Just trying to catch you before going home. Um, oh, well just give me a call whenever. Hope your day got better. Love you. I'm just gonna go home. My mom's been watching the kids all day. Really? A beer sounds incredible right now. Meredith, I am so sorry about today. I just did not realize how hard it was gonna be without Jim. I mean, I really respect you for being a single mom all these years. It whipped my ass in half a week. I have to say, there are not a lot of people who could pull off a shaved head, but you are rocking it. [Pam and Meredith singing karaoke] This one's for all you ladies out there. Clark! Women reach their sexual peak at whatever age Jan was last week. I mean it was... like making love with a wild animal. But not like a cougar like you might think. It was uh... like a swarm of bees. Bees that just find something wrong with every hotel room. What's with the wig Meredith? My friend has one of these. Fool-proof espresso every time. Whoo! Wait! [looking at the hardwood floor beneath the carpet] It's beautiful. Hardwood! I always knew it was down here, I just never dreamed that I would actually see it. I'm just gonna say this one more time. Pete and I haven't done anything. No. I was clearing my throat. Sure. Oh, hey Meredith. Uh, listen, they're cracking down on us talking to the subjects. It's a lame rule, but, you know, I wanna... I, I'll see you later. They smell so bad. Meredith, I tell you all the time. Different colored paint. I wanted different colored paint in the spots where they put their paint. So, it just is... OK, the point is, these warehouse guys are vandals. And, they need to be stopped. I say we all have one last fun boss-less day. I'm not going to rat on him. No, Andy gave me a second chance. So, the least I could do is let somebody else rat on him. Meredith, why don't you? That's kinda uncool, man. That's her private property. What does that even mean? Andy. That is her private property. Thank you! Thanks, thanks a lot. Really appreciate it. You guys are supposed to have my back. OK? Instead you let a guy named Plop steal my girlfriend. Ugh. Ok, great. Thanks. So, we're all agreed? No one touches those cupcakes? Hey, uh, I just wanted to say I'm sorry for screwing you. No! Be careful. I pulled my mom's dog off a pillow once, and I got bit. Are you kidding me? It's like half the show is secret footage. Oh! It's all right. Andy approved it. I once believed that a gay person could be somewhat straight. It wasn't until my marriage to Angela that I realized how...charmless I find the female body. Oh, thank god. Because sales could be your best role yet. Gotta write that down. Ok, big day today. Airing of the documentary. Who's excited? A good assistant knows what their superior is thinking before they even think it. Meredith, what number am I thinking of right now? Oh, my bad. Goodbye, everybody. Get upstairs, mister! We're all a little hormonal with the doc airing. Did we ever have lunch together, just—just the two of us? You know what, I'm gonna make reservations right now at Cugino's. Oh, oh, I'm sure we did. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Wait a minute. Okay, I made the mistake of sneaking out of here and that's on me. But I'm not gonna spend the rest of the day here doing stuff with you cause you're feeling sentimental. Ok, I've got my— Ah, I've been looking forward to this day since I was 18 years old. That is all. Have a good morning. Hey-OH! Hey! Yes. Wait, what is this? Oh, man. Uh, that seems inappropriate. Okay. Oh geeze. [Jakey starts dancing on Angela]. Oh, my God! Okay, if anything, this is rougher. Stop it Meredith. I wanna know how everyone felt they were portrayed. Was it accurate? 00. Come on, everybody's going. Yeah, we all need a drink. [opening Meredith's drawer] What the...there's only dandelion tea and raisins in here. It all seems so very arbitrary. I applied for a job at this company because they were hiring. I took a desk at the back because it was empty. But...[chuckles] no matter how you get there or where you end up, human beings have this miraculous gift to make that place home. [standing with two cops] Let's do this. Ah, I've been looking forward to this day since I was 18 years old. That is all. Have a good morning. Hey-OH! Hey! Yes. Wait, what is this? Oh, man. Uh, that seems inappropriate. Okay. Oh geeze. [Jakey starts dancing on Angela]. Oh, my God! Okay, if anything, this is rougher. Stop it Meredith. I wanna know how everyone felt they were portrayed. Was it accurate? 00. Come on, everybody's going. Yeah, we all need a drink. [opening Meredith's drawer] What the...there's only dandelion tea and raisins in here. It all seems so very arbitrary. I applied for a job at this company because they were hiring. I took a desk at the back because it was empty. But...[chuckles] no matter how you get there or where you end up, human beings have this miraculous gift to make that place home. [standing with two cops] Let's do this. OK... Meredith, [hauntingly] Ooooohhhhh. I brought all your friends from the office dear. Hello Meredith. Nurse. What, what are you doing? Just gimme that. Does it hurt terribly? Oh really, what kind? Codeine, Vicodin, Percocet, Fentanyl, Oxycontin, Palladone? What... Oh. [laughs] Oh, OK... Wait up, wait up, guys guys guys, hold on a second. You know what I was thinking might be sort of fun? Is if you forgave me in front of everybody. Well, just shhhh... just just... Look, I just... I don't understand what is preventing you from laughing this off and giving me a big hug. Michael! Michael! Blink once if you want me to pull the plug. How are you doing Ms. Palmer? Ah, so uh... so that is where her uterus went... Um, Ms. Palmer, your last tetanus sh*t was when you were bitten by a bat a few months ago? It also says you were recently bitten by a raccoon? Finishing that 5k, was the hardest thing I have ever had to do. I ate more fettuccine alfredo and drank less water, than I have in my entire life. People always talk about triumphs of the human spirit, well today I had a triumph of the human body. That's why everybody was applauding for me at the end. My guts and my heart, and while I eventually puked my guts out, I never puked my heart out. And I'm very, very proud of that. Hey Mer. How ya doing? It's ironic isn't it? I mean I'm in the hospital for not getting enough water, and you're in it for a disease that causes the fear of water. Thanks, I'm not mad at you anymore. [sighs, takes sucker out of his mouth] Wanna share? Some days I am just on f*re. What can I say? Hey Meredith, how you feelin'? Oh, please, it was my pleasure. Well we all came, so... Haha... Uh-huh. MmmHmm... Oh yeah. Website check please. Three-oh-five. You my friend are winning handsomely. You my friend are in a very close second. Okay, uh why don't you just lay off, lady? I needed another hour, it could have been done in another hour. Yeah, women be shoppin'. When I was younger I always wanted to be an actor in commercials. Then I realized I had a brain. Pam is staying late tonight to uh, achieve her dreams. So I'm pretty proud of her, unfortunately she was my ride home. I, ah... I really didn't think I was going to have a good time, but I did. Totally did. Thanks for the ride. OK. Leave me be, Dwight. [Dwight runs off] What's that? Oh, sure. I have made this spear, with which I will impale my dinner. And it couldn't come a moment too soon because I have been without food for a good three hours or so. I'm startin' to feel it a little bit. Ohh... It's Creed's birthday. [singing] Happy Birthday to you. Happy Birthday to you. Happy Birthday to Creed. Happy Birthday to you. Happy birthday, buddy. Good game Meredith. Yeah, Pam! h*t me up! Go long. Woo! [Pam throws football, hits Meredith's face] [swings] Dammit! You have it? Shh... [hands Meredith his camera] This one right here. It's digital, so just take as many as you want. This summer, corporate is sponsoring a little weight loss contest between the branches. Whichever branch loses the most weight gets three extra vacation days. [stands up] Everything. She's perfect. Ok, be more specific. What's up, Meredith? Why is ok for smokers to take breaks all the time? If I want to go outside and hang out once an hour, then I'll just take up smoking. I'll do it. I don't care. Well, let's keep this party movin' on. Bruuuuuuuuuce. Meredith, that is serious. I mean not only that a conflict of interests, there's also an exchange of goods. So, regarding this supplier, approximately how many liaisons have there been? Meredith, why don't you tell Holly... it's not what she thinks. Nothing unethical happened... and that you just like to sleep around. No, it's not a formality. Now, were these, um, meet-ups just personal? Unrelated to business? What I don't understand is... why the steak coupons? I mean, if you were already getting the discounted paper? Well unfortunately immunity or something being off the record does not really exist in the workplace. I mean I've never heard of anyone who's kept their job after something like this. Everyone, please, I just need your signatures to show corporate that I gave you the training. Get in there right now or I'm gonna lose it! [everyone gets up to go in the conference room] Thank you, Meredith, this was delicious. I think we're out. She said it is the name of a Viking princess. So... Take. That down. Meredith, I would like you to pretend that you are from Abu Dhabi. There we go. Our town car awaits. Its not just a van. Know what? What? Are there two suns? No, the note is way more obnoxious than the mess. Just because someone likes things clean, doesn't mean they're rich. Ever since Pam and I started dating, I just feel weird asking her to make copies for me. So, I make my own copies. And that copier sucks. Let me tell you, I-But you know what? Pam and I don't have to agree on everything. This is equal parts scotch, absinthe, rum, gin, vermouth, triple sec, and two packs of Splenda. Call it a one of everything. I know. [dancing drunkenly] Ahh yeah!! We got a live one! On f*re!! [Dwight extinguishes Meredith] Okay, how do you feel? I am not asking her to stop drinking. I am imploring her to quit being an alcoholic. The aye's have it. Meredith, have you ever used alcohol to alter your mood or deliberately change your state of mind? Do you sometimes have a drink to celebrate a special occasion or mark a holiday? Yeah, you said affected by it. Thanks again, Meredith. Who is going to tell us the latest dirty joke? Who is going to tell us what you watched on television last night? Was John Belushi fine? Was Bob Hope fine? Hey-- come here. If anything ever happened to you, I would be very angry at myself for not doing all that I could do. I want you to say I'm an alcoholic. Ok... nice. Sure. Wow. [Michael throws a pen at his head] Ow... We did? Oh, sh**t. Oh well, we'll have to go someplace else then I guess. We could go there, sure. Yes, yes. I have a new place. It-- yep, recently. All right. Yeah, oh there you go. That's good. No. It's even-- it's even better than the one I wanted. It's okay. It's all right. Meredith, we are doing this for your own good. Okay. Come on-- Here we go. This is gonna be good. Yes you are. [tries to pull Meredith from the car] I am not going in there! NO!! Shhh... just calm down. [chasing Meredith] Come on. Shh... Here's the door. Here's the door. [dragging Meredith on the floor into the rehab center] Let's start meeting-- Hello. How are you? I have a deposit. Alcoholic. So do I sign? Yep. [drives off] You said that yesterday. Then I'll get something too. Of course you will. [innocently] How'd that get there? Come on! [most of office huddles around print out of Hillary Swank, judging her hotness] Not at all. Guys, she is a beautiful movie star, so maybe we should just go to work. And you walk up toward the castle, and inside the castle are 4 men, and each of them, none of them have shoes, and they give you a funny cigarette, and you feel even more relaxed, and then you want ice cream. You want a big bowl of ice cream. What kind do you want? Shout it out. You're so lucky! Good one... [clapping] Well... I am proud to announce that there is a new addition to the Martin family. [takes a breath, excitedly] She's hypoallergenic. She doesn't struggle when you try to dress her. She's a third-generation show cat. Her father was in 'Meet the Parents.' Needless to say, she was very, very expensive. He wouldn't have wanted that. Her name is Princess Lady! Mm-hmm. Yeah. [cats meowing] I mean, I usually try to take leave when I get a new cat, but I'm out of vacation days. And this company still doesn't recognize cat maternity. I mean, when somebody has a kid, oh sure, take off a year. No! Stop it, Mr. Ash! Bad cat! That is very bad! You stop it right now! I swear, he is fixed. Happy Birthday! Oh, then pick TV. Okay, nap it is! Everyone out! Get out! We're gonna be eating cake at our desks. Let's go. I'm sorry sir we can't give out that information. [Michael sighs] Decorating. Oh my God, that makes it even more romantic. This is like a modern day Enchanted, it's like a fairy tale. That he's wasted 15 years of your life? Everyone, can I have your attention. This is the moment you've all been waiting for. Right? [drum roll on copier] Well I don't even want these. [Takes the rectangle pancakes out of his coat.] Okay, Dwight. Let me explain something to you. I set the rules and you follow them. Blindly. Okay? And if you have a problem with that then you can talk to our complaint department. It's a trash can. Her face is okay, but-- Jesus! What --what are you doing here? Hey, Meredith. Can I talk to you privately for a second? Your outfit. You--you might consider pulling it down a touch. It's ri--it's riding up a little high. Meredith, your boob is out. Dammit, Meredith, where are your panties? It's not. It's not. Sit down or I am writing you up. [Jack Nicholson impression] All work and no play makes Michael a dull boy. Is there a... Meredith here? Well, he's just thinking about his own gifts. This is the last day of our summer interns. It's been nice. We haven't had interns for a while, ever since Michael's Monica Lewinsky incident. [interns are shown gathered around Kelly's desk, one holding a box of tissues, as Kelly cries and wipes tears] He didn't do anything sexual. [female intern opens a jar of salsa for Michael] He just made far, far too many Monica Lewinsky jokes. [Meredith rubs her breasts into Maurie's back] It was just easier for corporate to shut down the program. [whispering to Meredith] Did you hear Pam is pregnant? Yeah! How far along is Pam? AHHHHHHHHHHHH! Do you think that you could send in your RSVP card? Well, you have to choose a food option and there's information in there about directions and lodging... You are going to text me, the morning of my wedding. To ask for directions.. And you will eat whatever is fanciest? Hey, why haven't we ever, um... Could I have everyone's attention, please? I have some tough news, so I'm just gonna give it to you straight. Truth is, we only have so much money for raises this year, so the simple fact is some people will get raises, and some people won't. Now, what we've decided is, we are gonna give those raises to the sales staff. Yes. They don't get 'em, if we don't get 'em! Her kid needs shoes, Jim! That's not how that goes. Thank you, Meredith. It's not like we're not gonna see the checks. We're in accounting! [out the side of his mouth] And Jim! Someone please explain it to Kevin. Oh, gee, I'm sorry. I guess I missed the meeting where we all all voted for you to get pregnant. No! I reserve the right to peel my hard-boiled eggs at my desk. [to a girl sitting next to him] I was the youngest VP in the company history. Well that's not-- I wasn't telling you. Excuse me? [laughing] Yes! No. Yeah! That's good! Come on up! Meredith, come up here. Let's do a little something. So Meredith and I have just started conversing and I will say, "So Meredith, how was your weekend, what did you do?" All right... Blind-guy McSqueezy. How do I describe it? It is a character I've been workshopping whose lack of vision gets him into all sorts of trouble. The women in my improve class absolutely hate him. [groans] Some candy. That's it. Alright, that's... Here is an old man and a goth dude... and then the old crone from Drag Me to Hell. I outran it. You never said anything. Ok. That's to broad. It's gotta be something else. How 'bout your stomach? Yeah? [writes Huge Gut] Meredith? Ok. Fine. Come on up here. Write it yourself. And don't sign your name to it. And nobody look. Everybody look away. Look away. Gotta get my goin' out on. I am a grown-up, Jim. Jim is jealous of me? Jim is jealous of me. Okay. Games have the power to distract people from stressful situations. Battleship got me through my parents' divorce. Operation got me through my vasectomy, i.e., my operation. I don't think I would have been able to endure my breakup with Holly had it not been for Toss Across. Bill Bourbon was my uncle. I would have never hurt him any more than I'd hurt a June bug. Well, you know ol' Nellie's always up for a romp in the hay. Because this is the recreation of a crime scene. Nope. Then my face is down. They can't see my face. It is warm feelings. It's hard for me to imagine a scenario, where Meredith Palmer keeps her job and David Wallace does not - no offense Meredith. Oh my God, David. That's horrible. At Sabre, we really encourage honest communication. You should always feel free to express your thoughts, your - I already booked a Great Lakes cruise. Look alive. Ow! Geez, you gave me a paper cut on my throat! ...That was weird. I don't even know what that card said. I think it should be a surprise. Her shirt is touching them. Maybe we should cut holes in her shirt. Have fun! [sigh] Hey, have you guys seen her? Ha ha, you got that right! Meredith? Come on, you're obviously single. You know it. I am never getting married. Why are you being so weird about this? Yeah, where are your kids? Oh, thanks. Come in! I'm in. Turn the trash [releases him - Kevin coughs] It's code. Alright, Meredith, take off your dress. No, dear god, no, it's in the trash can. In the kitchen. No, we agreed, two percent for the quarter. Okay [others enter] Hey everybody! Oh, yeah, sitting on your big fat butt. Alright, that is the number to b*at. 00 this morning, so people better step up and appreciate the crap out of Erin. All right. Mm. [walks into bathroom, Meredith is using her brest pump] Meredith! What are you doing?! Relax?! Give it back to me now. It's disgusting! It's not sterile! Sounds like they just got to go home with pay. Curl up with your favorite DVD. I like Donna. Is it wrong to keep seeing her? Depends on who you ask. I mean, if you ask her husband... or you took a random poll, yeah, it's wrong. Well, I think we all know what you're capable of Meredith. Hey, I have never cheated on, been cheated on, or been used to cheat with. Ah, uh, I would love to, but I am really busy. Rain check? You know what? You have forfeited that privilege. I have tried to treat you all as adults, but obviously I am the only adult here. Number one, inverted penis. I thought your vag*na was removed during your hysterectomy? Surprise! You were surprised, weren't you? You looked freaked, man. We said "Surprise." You were, like, "What?" "What the hell's goin' on here?" Good cake. Why don't you have some? Come on. A little bit. Oh, right. God, too bad. It's so good. Read it out loud. And say who wrote everything so we know whose is the best. [under his breath] I don't know about that. [pretends to vomit] Huh! Thanks, downer. Because of the downsizing. Rumors. And because you're gettin' old. [laughs] You didn't get the joke. So, that's cool. That's, you know what? Actually... I have a bunch of these, good ones, that I didn't use. Um... Oh, where's that? Oh, OK, here's a good one. Um... "Hey Meredith, Liz Taylor called, she wants her age back and her divorces back." 'Cause Meredith's been divorced like, twice. Is that right? That is my daughter. She goes to Catholic girls' school. I am taking it down right now. Thank you, delegate from Iceland. DVDs! Five movies. What would you bring to the island? Yes! Meredith? Good. I didn't say it to him. I said it about him. [in the background] How long does it take to find a cell phone? I don't know either. Okay, Meredith is up first. Here's the deal. You can either pick a new gift or you can steal somebody else's gift that they've already gotten, like the oven mitt. I'll take the ... teapot. Okay, moving along. Meredith, let's go. [holding oven mitt] I hope nobody takes this baby, cause this is great. Wow, look at that fine craftsmanship. Somebody really put a lot of work into that. It's beautiful. This is Christmas spirit, as in spirits, booze. Zip it, Toby! Just .. I mean, it's a party. Come on. If I can't throw a good party for my employees, then I am a terrible boss. Who wants a drink? Go, here we go! Thanks for the party, Michael. Hey, Meredith. Heading over to Poor Richard's? Cool, cool, cool. Do you need a ride? [Meredith drops her top. Michael takes a picture] All right, let's head out. Sounds good. Do you have a coat? It is now time to unveil the destination of this year's retreat. We are going on a harbor cruise of Lake Wallenpaupack. It's a booze cruise! All right! I need a volunteer to come up here and hold my stick. Who's it gonna be? This is where Captain Jack drives the boat. I can't take you, I don't have my car and yours is all vomity. Why don't we go around the table and all say something that we know we're good at. I will start. I am good at public speaking. Check this out! Look at that! Look at that [squeezes blow-up doll] bwup-bwa! [talks in girly voice] Hello! How are... [regular voice] Oh! Kay. That is great. That is good stuff. That is an excellent goal. ...and a big walk-in closet. Mistake. Roy and I are saving for the wedding, so I made him promise not to get me anything too big. Isn't he sweet? [while Jake is throwing things at Michael] They want how many spiral pads? Okay. Ah, thank you sir. You really screwed that up. [Michael leaves] So, is there anything you want to tell us about? Accounting-wise? Idiot. Now we don't have the element of surprise. It's impossible to trap her, and we won't be able to register the look on her face when we ask her if she stole $3,000. Did you use any company money for anything? We're just trying to balance the books. I do, too. That's Jamaican beer? 15. You didn't take any money at all? You're sure? I thought you had two kids. Okay. Thanks for your time. Thanks, Meredith. That was for per diem, for Philadelphia. Attention everybody. This will only take a second of your time. Today at 4 p.m. we will be meeting in the parking lot to have a funeral service for this bird. I actually might not go. Feeling kind of tired. I have. That's the 'Union of the Monkey'. ...thank you James. [laughs] Yeah. Good to be back. Well, we are running a business, so. A Christmas drinking game ... Meredith, if you don't come to my party, you will be very, very sorry. See, I told you. You want one Meredith? Oh... Where did you get this stuff? Which aisle? Under no circumstance should a man strip off his clothes in this office. And when they came over on the Mayflower. Bow chicka bow. Could you scoot over? You're on my dress. You heard me, pack your things. Magic time. Gyeeeaahhh! [puts bag over Meredith's head] Hold still, woman! Nobody likes to be flashed. When Meredith flashed me at that Christmas party, I nearly vomited. Meredith, slow down! We're not gonna get there any faster if we're dead. Oh, yeah. You really shouldn't litter. [Meredith parking the car] I don't think she's gonna make it. Don't think she's gonna make it - [metal scraping] [bang] Whoa. OK, everybody have their towels and swim suits? We have about an hour and half. I suggest that you all go potty now and then we will be congregating on the partay bus. Come on, the winner gets a big, big prize. Thank you. Ohhh... No. No way. [smiles] No, it's fine. I'm sure it must have been weird for Jim when Roy and I were joking around... thatone time.