Go, go, go, go! Whoo! We did it! [everyone starts cheering] That kid is the worst. Needs to be fired, Michael. He's got to go, Mike. You don't have to yell. What for? To get some ice cream for everybody. It's national ice cream afternoon. Great. And another thing I did this summer, I hired my nephew. Having Luke here is a pretty big deal for me, because his mother, who also happens to be my half-sister, kind of cut me off from that side of the family 15 years a- 14. The last time I saw Luke was the opening day of 'Ace Ventura II' and that was '95, so yes, 15 years on the dot. Anyway, I lost him in a forest. Why is there a circle with a line through it? Yeah, but it's like you're saying we should bother Luke. Don't don't bother Luke. Got it. Hey, why can't we bother Luke? He deserves it. That'd be hilarious. Uh, "Jo, they're creating a hostile work environment. Stop 'em." How close? Guys, I think Michael and Luke are related. What? Michael, that's nepotism. Luke is getting special treatment because he's your nephew. What's wrong with a level playing field? I couldn't care less about nepotism. But, I'm loving the debate. Great minds battling it out. And I've got a front row seat. That's a really tight argument. But you're comparing you and Luke to God and Jesus. This is hypothetical. We're talking about Luke who happens to be terrible. If there's nothing wrong with this, Michael, why have you been keeping it a secret? Hey! Ice cream afternoon! I came down here to feed the feral cats like I usually do and I found something unsavory in the back of your nephew's car. Well, take a look. It's all the packages he was supposed to overnight. He never bothered to send them. Yep. That's exactly what my first thought was. And then I remembered having a conversation with him where he was like, "I don't own an Ebay store," so... Oh my gosh, those are the pants he wanted to return to Talbots. You get that kid to open this car, or I'm gonna do it myself... by calling Tripple A. [breaks into the car] I'm in. I'm sorry, do you want to try them on again to see. Why is this my problem, Michael? Lower yourself, Gabe. I don't wanna be having a conversation with your crotch. Ok, educate me now why you won't f*re the boy. Which are? Oh, God. How far has it gone? Well, I got a nephew too. But he don't work for me. You know why? Cause he's a screw-up. He can swim in my pool but he can't come in my house. If you keep him, Michael, I'm gonna hold you accountable for him. You're on the hook for this kid. You got that? Cover his ass like tighty-whities. Was how I put it not clear enough? I mean, you had to go and make up your own saying? Deal with it, boys. You've gotta be kidding me. What? I'm stopping it. That's what you said. So you just want me to move it? You're being totally unclear here. I'm just gonna go ahead and move it. [points it at Angela's chest] All right, fine. Fine. I'll just go. I'm gone. Sack up, man. No. Five, four... Three, two, one. No! What the? What the hell was that? Hey, [bleep] this! Screw it! Michael, you just physically as*ault an employee. Can we talk in private? [Phyllis and Andy act out Luke getting spanked] No, no, no, no. It's the other hand. Right hand. Yeah. Legal says the best way to protect us from a lawsuit is to call this a stress-induced outburst. You will have to undergo six sessions of counseling. Good. Well, that's the spirit. And, uh, you will do your counseling right here, because our HR staff are all certified counselors. Yeah, I'm really looking forward to working with you, Michael. What's something that you... This is the worst! You are the worst! I hate looking at your face! I wanna smash it! Michael has been assigned six hours of mandatory counseling with a trained professional. I actually have a degree in social work. I mean, I know a lot of people would ask a few standard questions, and check off a few boxes, but I've got a chance to do some good here. We can do this with more privacy. Uh... what was your favorite flavor of... What? Ok, I can't count the hour if you don't talk. Michael, it's up to me to check off the boxes, and I can't do that unless I honestly... I think we might be about to maybe really get somewhere. There are a few ways to get promoted. One is to wait for an opening and apply for it. That's the main way. But this could work. Of course. [in a cockney accent] I think he's got it! Come on Michael. Those are all fake stories. We can play something more complicated if you like. So you have played it before? Who's Jeff? So, her husband, your stepdad? Did you guys do much stuff together? Its really sad that your dog ran away. Why did it keep you from going to the park? Why? Dogs don't do that. I don't know. It's very important for you to be liked, isn't it? I'm just trying to help you Michael. I just want to... [tossing forms at Michael] Just fill them out any way you want. I'll have Erin fax them back to corporate. Oh, ok! You filled them in and faxed them yourself! You remember that. Unless part of you made that mistake on purpose. The Demon Barber of Fleet Street. We open in a couple weeks at the Loose Screw Playhouse here in Scranton and today just doing a wee bit of viral marketing. Like a month ago. What kind of terrible rumor monger is Gabe? He is woefully misinformed, all right? Excuse me, clink, clink, clink, clink, everybody. You're all coming to my show tonight, right? 8pm sharp. Hour forty-five. Nope, can't make it. It would mean so much to me if you came to my show tonight. If it makes you feel any better, no one who auditioned for the part of Sweeney Todd got that part. They had to bring in a ringer. This guy's like world-class. You should not feel bad. I'm asking you thespian to thespian. Will you please be the bigger man and come to my show? Noishe! Yeah, I know. Neiche! You brought balloons to a play? It's nice, like Up. Excuse me, are you the guy who did an entire Law & Order episode for his audition? I understand. This is, like, huge opportunity for her. Hey, I think this guy playing Sweeney Todd is my plumber. No, it's my plumber. Says so in his bio. Apparently the director discovered him doing karaoke. It's his first play. He didn't even audition. Shhh. If we don't listen to the overture, we won't recognize the musical themes when they come back later. Michael! Shelby Thomas Weemes, the director. I promise you that if you keep auditioning with similar gusto... We are going to find a production with a role for Michael Scott. Yes? Good. Enjoy the second act. Have a refreshment. There's a little bird fluttering around. Do hope it ceases chirping. [audience laughs] Not together! Where's my car? Come on. I had no idea. This plumber has pipes! You're the guy who booed me. No, I saw you, and you were the only one. You didn't have to boo him. How would you like it if we booed you? Boo! Boo! Boo! Boo! Found him! Yeah, I guess you could say that. It was an amateur production, technically. Stop just saying that. Thank you. That feels good. Oh, come on, Andy, you were the highlight. [sings Macy Gray's "I Try" and everyone joins in] Thanks you. [giggles] Terrific! [seeing a large red spot on Michael's lip] God! Wow! That's no pimple Michael. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. It's just a cold sore. Yup, just a cold sore. I know how you got it. [smug expression on his face] Michael come on. A cold sore is herpes. Michael, have you ever been tested for STDs? That was like, ten years ago. Michael, you're at least forty six! [walking in] Hey guys! [Angela leaves the table, exhales as she exits the room] Some eggs can rely dormant in a woman for years, they may not even know they have it. What port? The Jan port. The Holly Por... You may have... You need to contact Holly! You need to notify her, that she is crawling with herpes. You need to contact every woman you've been with, and notify them of your herpes infestation. It's the right thing to do. Then I will. [on phone] Hello? Michael, I didn't think I'd here from you. How have you been? Oh no. Oh my God. Wait, you're calling to tell me that you have herpes? Ummm, no. No! He doesn't. Are you telling me I have to get tested? [on phone] This is Holly. No this is Holly. No, this is Michael Scott. I am calling because, there's a terrible crash! A lot of people. Three nuns, [Michael laughs] from a Missionary in South Africa. [singing] Ba na na na na. Hot pizza, check it and see. Ba na na na. Got a whole bunch of pepperoni. Ba na na na na. [stops singing] Yeah, now you're looking at me. Anyone who's interested in entering into an honest discussion about the sexual mores and taboos of modern society will be rewarded with a pizza break. Yeah. I don't think we'd have kids. It was just for a few weeks! [sternly] Michael, I have been dating A.J. for a year and a half now. You do this you know. You romanticize things. Michael, you cried at that tagline for a movie you made up. You made ourselves to be more than we were. I don't know what you're getting so upset about, we had to break up a long time ago, it was a good memory. [to the camera] He forgot to mention the herpes. How do I do it? Raise my daughter, work as director of office purchasing for this hospital and release an album of Dorris Day covers on my own label? If I knew I'd tell you. Yeah I'm really happy. Me and Astrid against the world. [laughs] We're loving it, yeah. I'm kind of a supermom. Are you gonna keep me in suspense? [Michael sighs] Ok I'm gonna head outta here, I know you have a lot to talk about. Ok, is there a, an operating theater that's open to visitors? Never mind I'll find it. No, so what couldn't wait? Michael Scott, you are here for a post mortem. No! In the beginning we were not good. Well if there's anything exciting about it it's because we both knew it was wrong! No, ok. Imagine there's a princess, who falls for a guy beneath her station, and the queen doesn't like this at all. And the princess knows that the queen doesn't like it so it just makes her wanna do it all the more just to get at the queen! No I'm the princess, and the queen. You might have learned shapes, or blocks, or clocks, or colors. Or you might have learned that we're all, sisters and brothers. I have herpes. Next stop is Helene. You're gonna wanna make a left on Willow, which is a little ways away, uh. I'll remind you. Jan knows paper. Wait, what Holly said? Forget it Michael! Today is about herpes. Who gave it to you, who has it, and who is going to pay. TO answer your question about Jan, no. Jan is insane. Why do you think I got- LEFT, WILLOW NOW! I'M TRYING! GOD! Who are you? Michael? It'll go away in time just don't touch it. What did you think we were? I think for you to have come here even expecting that we can have a conversation like this show's ho-how self deluded you are! Michael, your memory has failed you greatly. So this is the chef's kitchen, which makes it perfect for real entertainers. Michael. I'm great! How are you? You didn't call my office and ask where I was? Because the receptionist told me a man called but he only said he was my ex-lover. Yeah. I'll let this slide, but I expect you to put this whole Erin thing behind you. It's a family room. Michael why are you here? You know, we all do that. What? Did you have that while we were together? Oh! Oh, that's what you're talking about? Did the doctor check it out? Yes, yes Michael. Actually you do make a bigger deal out of things than you need to. You proposed to me on our fourth date. Well so do I, but we didn't love each other at first either. I don't know what you were thinking! [on answering machine] This is Holly Flax, I can't come to the phone right now but please leave a message after the sound of the tiny truck backing up. [BEEP] What is this about? Yes! What? It was probably just an ingrown mustache hair but we have to be exhaustive. I'm gonna need a list of every man you've ever had sex with. I'm talking train stations, men's rooms... Fence with a hole in it.. The woods behind the liquor store, the swamp behind the old folk's home. The democratic primaries, Huh? Okay. Yes, it is. [crashing sound] Michael! Oh... Are you sure you once knew how to do this? Just steer more now. No! No! He's not just here for the coffee, Jim. Wake up! Hey, it's Jim. Listen, this is important. Are you busy? You are busy! We're in a meeting! Listen, you gotta get over here, 'cause we're pitching Steve Nash and Danny Cordray is here. The big g*n thing. [Dwight grabs at phone] Stop! You don't look reluctant, Michael. You look really eager. You don't? There he is. No, that's him. Danny Cordray, Osprey Paper. Three of you guys for one sale. Well, whatever works for ya. Anyway. All right. It's good to see you guys. Nice to meet you. He's ready for you. I've been in showtime mode since breakfast. Showtime! It's showtime! Oh...never mind. Let's go. Michael, I appreciate everything that Dunder-Mifflin has done for this company. That's very generous, but- He's not kidding. Thanks for coming in. Thank you. Yes, you did. Stop it. Just stop it. We did what we should have done, we just got bested. [pounds the elevator button] Why is there a door close button if it doesn't even close the door? How do I feel about losing the sale? It's like if Michael Phelps came out of retirement, jumped in the pool, belly-flopped, and drowned. We sell better? I would like to stay. This pertains to me. Why do you always assume I have diabetes? I could try to seduce him. This is weird. A what? I think you mean The Sting. Okay. But what is he more famous for? You know this isn't real TV, right? Hel-lo! People can't keep their true natures hidden for long, and this guy is smoldering like a tire f*re. Okay, he's not that good-looking. I don't understand why everybody's obsessed with this- He's very, very handsome. That's a great set of shoulder's you got there. What is that...Genetics? Creatine? [phone rings] Sorry. Yeah? What do you mean? Ha ha, okay, there you go! [phone rings, Meredith answers] Well, we'll get this...[Meredith unbuttons] Great. Sounds awesome. Just have him pitch to you. Danny, I feel a real connection to you, and I gotta get real, I'm- No, no, no, no... Michael! No, Michael, stop it! No! Michael Scott. Please to meet you- Hmm. But from where? Okay, so you...set up this fake company, then you hired this homeless woman to impersonate an executive to spy on me so that you could copy my sales technique? Or...crazy. I'm gonna go. Oh, well then, yeah. All right. Hey! [knocking on wall] Good luck, guys. Seems like you got a great operation here. What do you mean, my tricks? There's no tricks, man. I'm just a good salesman. You wanna copy that? You can't copy that! [opens door to leave] Sure. You seem like a fun, professional guy. [opening door again to leave] No! Get out of my way. I swear to God, I'm gonna h*t you. I didn't mean that. I'm sorry. I'm not-it's just I'm very upset right now. I'm very upset! More freedom. I can give you more money-there's your better life. I can let you come and go as you please-there's your freedom. And you already know Dunder-Mifflin has the best service and the best prices, but you b*at us anyway. Can you imagine how well you would do selling our stuff? [bleep] me! Yeah, I can see that. Thanks, Kevin. Michael? Can I talk to you about something? It's about this very announcement you just made. Michael- Michael, I think you really want to talk to him. You hired him? Stay the same. It's not gonna get better; he's gonna steal all of our clients. Where's he gonna sit? There's no more seats. Where's he gonna park? There's no more reserved parking spots. Thanks. Shh! Shhh! [watches Jim put a cardboard box over Stanley's monitor] Dunder Mifflin, this is Erin! Happy Halloween! How can I haunt you today? [dressed as Lady Gaga] In case you can't read m-m-my Poker Face... [laughs] we will be reviewing our sales policies. [accepts note from Michael, reads it out loud] I have ten seconds to read them or this whole place blows up. Lame. Why don't witches wear panties? Because they need to grip the broom! When our warehouse workers make deliveries, they're going to be encouraged to offer clients extra products. And then they will split those commissions with sales. Okay, guys, fun is fun, but- Dracula. Yes. I do remember saying something like that to you. I'm just glad we're gonna try it out. Yeah. We're cool. What's under your shirt? Oh. It's a ream of paper. Thought you might h*t me. Madge from the warehouse just made her first sale. Madge. We should have been doing this a long time ago. [answers phone] Hello? I'm good. This is embarrassing, Michael. [leans over toward Erin] Um, h*t the speakerphone button. The speakerphone button? The same button as you h*t before... or sit on it. So, what happened? Oh! [fumbles for phone] Screw corporate! They probably stole the idea anyway. Uh uh. Corporate stole nothing, okay? Darryl told me, and then I told them, giving Darryl full credit, so... no need to [mimicking Andy] screw corporate! Or anything like that, so. Let's give Darryl a round of applause, as planned. [claps] He went to Gabe behind your back. He went over your head to go behind your back. No. Shh. Michael, listen. This cannot stand. We can't have workers going straight to corporate. Makes your job superfluous. Garbage magnet. [throws magnet] Garbage magnet, God! Magnets are interesting enough, you don't need to tart them up with some design. [to Michael] I can't believe this doesn't make you mad! Hmm, Kevin and Gabe. Probably about the extremes of the human physique. I am so sorry. I just thought- Well, Gabe asked me if there were any really cool Lady Gaga moves that he could do for the catwalk. And so then I tol-[tries not to cry] I told him that there was this one cool move where she powers down like a robot. Okay? But I- I am so sorry that I didn't tell you first. [hysterical] You think that I would let this happen again?! NO WAY JOSE. Hmm-mm. I'm not mad. Are you mad? Well, I'm sorry if it seems that way to you. Mike. You made a bad call. And I fixed it. So I'm not apologizing. That's it. Pam. Can you vote for other people? Yeah, I gotta get in on this. [mocking Darryl] Hey, it's cool, man, I work in the warehouse! I'm cool! I'm hip and I'm jive! And I don't care about nobody! Do you know who I am? Happy Halloween, jerk! Michael, this is a bad idea. Dressing up as somebody-I mean, when has that ever worked for you? What should we ask? He says no. No. I know how to sit on a fence. Hell, I can even sleep on a fence. The trick is to do it face down with the post in your mouth. In the future, you need to get Michael's approval on anything before coming to me. Okay, well, obviously if it's a really, really good idea, my door is open. You said no to this one! What have you done for me? What have you done for me? Ohh. Dropping b*mb, right? [expl*si*n noise] This really make you think, Michael? Yeah. You're right, we don't need a hat. Okay. We're going to table the hat question. The best ideas are going to come to me, I make the final decision, period. Okay, why don't we simplify this? Darryl brings it to Michael, Michael brings it to me, no one calls Jo. Cool. Okay. Sorry I lied. Sorry I was a jerk. I heard your momma had more bacteria per square inch than a toilet seat. Stop. Nope. Hope you brought your pipes. We're about to smoke the opium of the masses. Oh, yes. [mimicking smoking] Doobie-doobie doo. Sunday church service... it's been a few years. The Big Guy and I, we got some catching up to do. Oh, Michael, this is just for family. It is really funny, but you know that can be confusing at a christening because you are not the godfather. [whispers to Pam] Ok, your turn. Okay, Michael. Um, you know I love when you do that voice, but today, I'm so sorry. I need you to tell me that you know you're not Cece's godfather. I'm sorry, Michael. I need you to say it. I'm so sorry. Okay, thank you. Our friend, Seth, and his wife there. No, I met his wife in Mommy and Me. They're a great couple. You should meet them later. Okay. Thank you for coming, Michael. Good morning. At this time, will the families please come join me? [to Michael] Hi. Good morning. Good morning. Shh, shh, shh. Good morning. Okay, well, you know what? Everybody's hungry. [Pam looks at Jim] Sorry. I think I'm just hungry. Oh, no, after you. [laughs] I'm gonna use that one. Have a good lunch. I cancelled my plans to come to this thing, and they repay me with this? I would run to Mexico if that's where the sandwiches are. Right now, Jessica's children have to walk twelve miles to a school with dirt floors. Greg, hello, it's Dwight from the vestibule. You want to know my eleventh commandment? I will not be undersold. I am ready to love thy neighbor with these kind of discounts. What if the moon was your car and Jupiter was your hair brush? All right. And cider. Why do we have to do something together? I volunteer at a clinic on my own time. We are hanging out-right now. You want some more of this? Church isn't a party, Michael. Welcome to the party. Everybody have their kool-aid? Fine, fine. I guess I'll watch Suzanne's purse and your baby. [standing in a line saying goodbye to the kids going to Mexico] Bye. Good luck. Good luck to you. Bye. Do good. Do good. Bye. Have fun. We're proud of you. [starts to walk down through the line and into the bus] Bye. Okay. Yeah! [cheers, applause] Are you coming? Heck, yes. [seeing Michael on the bus] Michael. Get off the bus. Michael, this is irresponsible. Well, you have a job to do. Okay, there is no off-season when it comes to printer sales. [sticking his head out Michael's window on the bus] You don't need one to get in. Plus, we can just have it sent to him down in Mexico. Michael, what am I supposed to tell my clients if they ask about you? Okay, but what about the bigger corporate accounts? Michael, I'm just about to close a sale. Can I authorize a 15% discount? I think it's really cool, Michael. I wish I had a job that I could just leave. Whatever. I won't-I won't stand for it. If the whole world were like you guys, we wouldn't have so many problems. I know. Nobody I know would leave their jobs and friends and families to do manual labor for three months. Good-bye, Lackawana County. Well, two days minus how long we've been on the road. 45 minutes? So, like, two days basically. Maybe more. I don't know, I thought it was like a gymnasium or... They don't know how. Well, Carla knows. Oh, trying to sleep. Do you smell like a weird, warm cheese? And the Christmas party. Nah, no. We'll be back before that. Yeah. Yeah, a little bit. I did. I can make myself cry. Maybe we'll stop in Tennesseee. It's not safe to talk to a driver. Hey, is there a problem, you guys? Just make him stop the freaking bus! Are you okay, sir? You have plenty left to give. You're doing- It doesn't matter. If we went to Mexico, we'd probably screw everything up anyway. Okay, stop the dang bus. [driving up to pick up Michael, Andy, and kid off the road] Get in quick. Do you guys want me to take you home or go back to the church? No, actually most of them went to go see a movie. Yeah. Kevin suggested it, and then they all went in Meredith's minivan. Police have now surrounded the apartment complex. No! I bet he's wishing he was strangling someone! Ok, that's our street! That's our street! He's going down our street! [runs out of conference room.] Come on everybody! [all quickly follow] [on sidewalk] There it is! I saw it! I saw it! He went right by! You missed it! [all groan] Michael! Gabe and I are having a party, and everyone's invited, and it's at his house apartment and we're gonna watch Glee. Yeah it's a TV show... I... Uhh. It's just that it's our first party together so... [sad] Okay, sorry. Wait which one? Good me too! Why would I hide it! [giggling] Hey, you going tonight? Yeah! You gotta go to the boss's party! No he's not the boss. 'Cause, you're the boss! [to Michael at Gabe's apartment] It's make your own pizza night. Isn't Gabe's place so nice? Look at the size of those wine glasses Michael! Those posters used to be real French ads. So these are your cheeses, your ham, your sausages, your herbs, and your vegetables. Here's what's been done, so start creating. Some times it helps to think of a part of the world, and... [interrupting] Okay okay okay. Gabe likes to entertain a lot, ad he cooks in an oven, and all that jazz. I just have a different life style. They have these bags of vegetables that steam right inside their own bag. So I'll get a few ingredients, sit down in front of the TV, a bag of vegetables, before you know it I'm ready for bed! You don't really toss the dough. You have to stop. [takes remote] It's a little loud... [lowers volum] Some of us are trying to have a conversation. I'll just turn the captions on. That's for the other box. [enters on Michael alone sitting on a bed watching Glee] Michael? Maybe you should try gong in the other room again. You can have my seat. It's closer to the TV. It'll seem louder. Yeah. Look who I found! [points to Michael] Let's go ahead and wash our hands. Yep! Waste not right? Michael knows everything there is to know about snacks, Gabe was born in 1982. He was the longest baby in the hospital. Erin you don't have to... Michael! You are making this harder than it has to be. Surprise me. No! Pepperoni. [Michael walks into disarray of people's reactions to the TV going out] Where you been? Cable's out. It's still on upstairs. [receiving message on his phone] Hey! Puck and Finn worked it out, and the solo is now a duet. No. I can't believe we're missing that! [Michael is outside fixing the cable box] You did this? Why don't you like him? I care ifyoulike him. Okay... What? [confused] [slowly getting it] Uhm, I'm not going to my room. You listen to me. You arenotto tell me what to do. I hate your roof! I'll raise it how I want! I'll raise the roof! See ya Oscar! [Oscar leaves] [enters, looks to Gabe] If you break that girl's heart, I will k*ll you. It's just a figure of speech. But seriously, if you break that girl's heart I will literally k*ll you and your entire family. [lights and power go off] Uh-Oh. Okay, okay, nobody panic. Listen Up, listen up. [Turns On Flashlight and holds it to his face] Everyone, follow me to the shelter. We've got enough food for 14 days. After that, we have a difficult conversation. Uh, it's saying the server went down? Does Anybody know that password? 'Cause otherwise we can't do any work. Wait, um, does anyone remember when it was set up? Why don't we just call the I.T. Guy who set it up? What's the name of the guy in Glasses, again? I got it, try, um--[Coughs] Yes. The important thing is... this kept us secure people. Hey, I'm WUPHF. What's up Facebook? You should've sent me a WUPHF. WUPHF.Ryan and WUPHF! Yes, I invested in WUPHF. It's actually a great idea and I can't believe it didn't exist before. And I know Ryan's kind of a sketchy guy, but hey, I married Jim. I've done my part for the nice guy. Now I want a bedroom set. I love it. Great, so we got our first offer to buy the company. We could sell, but why think so small? We can just get a couple more people involved, really do this thing our way. New Investors are key, though. That's actually why I came in today. [chuckles] Today, I was thinking I would sit down with a few of the people who haven't invested yet. Or we could do that together, if that sounds fun to you. My gym allows it. I wish they didn't, but it's policy. So I respect it, and I just--[put's his hands cupped by his face and turns away] keep a low--you know, I look away. Think about your commission cap as a naked old man in a gym locker room. You don't have our attention. You had me at "Sex." You have all of our attention just by screaming anything. What do you want to say, Michael? How's everybody doing?! For my current investors, things are going great. Washington University. I don't even want to think about selling until our numbers get into the billions. No, no--Oscar, it's not--it's not a digital r*pe whistle. WUPHF is about fun. Bankruptcy? How long do you think a week is? All that color. Well, earlier today, I was emailing someone by the name of John Legend. I want my money back. WUPHF T-Shirts. Who wants one? Just imagine that you're at spring break, Daytona Beach. Everyone's like, "Hey Dude, whats up with all the hotties in the WUPHF shirts?" Or, Uh, "Hey, what's up with that helicopter? It's Ry from WUPHF!" "Yo, Ry from WUPHF!" "What's he dropping?! Wow, what's falling on us, man?!" WUPHF condoms! 50,000 condoms out of the sky! That sounds weird. If everybody wants to sell, we sell, right? Yes. You alone do, actually. Hi, Michael. Oh, we don't recycle. I'm sure no one asked you to do that. Listen, I know you really like Ryan-- Michael, I... [sits down] I hate to say this, but... you know this special bond that you've always felt with Ryan, where, like, you're best friends or you're his mentor or something? Michael, I think that feeling only goes one way. And I think that Ryan knows that, and he's taking advantage of you. And there are a lot of other people in this office who have money at stake. Other people you care about. Don't. Yeah, but in a jokey way where you're gonna start singing. Okay. Go Ahead. Michael, how's it going, bro? Hey, thanks so much for having my back out there. I have nothing but ideas. The thing is, they all require money. Look, I know I've tapped you so hard. [laughs] Oh, you are funny, Michael. You--people, people don't give you enough credit. Well, a lot of people are doing that. And there don't seem to be any consequences. And they say the rates have never been lower. Think about this. You and me on a private plane flown by our private pilot-- Eating our private meal cooked by our private chef. We totally should. I gotta work on this. It's a bad bet. All those in favor of selling, say aye. [all say "aye"] Michael, are you that blind? You're gonna lose all of our money. Oh... Uh, That's a lot of pressure. I--I'm gonna need some more time. Angela? [slides open the door] Angela! [see's a note on the door, reads it, and then crumples it up] WUPHF, from Ryan Howard. Decided to sell company. Thanks, bro. Hell of a ride. Owning a building is a w*r between the landlord and the tenant. Not a literal w*r, unfortunately, but I am using the same tactics. I've surrounded the enemy, and I'm slowly starving them. To save on electricity I've installed a timer and motion sensors on the lights. It's part of my green initiative. And by green, I mean money. How was the dentist? Are you okay, what's wrong? Yeah, its where they make stuff. Oh, no. China is on the move? I found that in the waiting room at the dentist's office. This kid had the magazine I wanted to read, that's the only one I could reach and I read it and then I read it again. Oh my God. According to the internet, the tallest man in the world is Chinese. What's America gonna do? I know what we're going to do. We're going to put our best minds on it. You never told us to close them. What do we do? How do we stop this? An idea bigger than the Grand Canyon? An antacid that you only take once a week. Why not just go one for the year? It's too big of a pill to swallow. I think that's what they're doing to me. I can't prove it, but I wanted to see their faces when I said it. I learned nothing. Yeah, Dwight's right we should drop a b*mb. Thank God. Michael, China's agrarian. Urbanizing fast? You bet 'cha, but still agrarian. Come on Michael. You can... Where are you getting this information? Great. I was wrong. I'm wrong. Is everyone happy? So I happen to know more than the smartest guy in the office. So what? [laughs] I don't care. Michael do something about this. Funny Jim. That is funny. Michael, how do I create a new tab? That's print. Hey Michael. I was thinking about some of the stuff you said earlier about China. I'd love to talk more about it. Maybe over some coffee later? Woah, woah, woah. Do you know what you just agreed to? He's trying to set you up Michael. What's going to happen is he's going to try and bring up what ever you're talking about in a very casual way, but secretly he'll be trying to trip you up, and when he does, boom, its awful. Haven't you noticed that I don't bring up the Tour de France around him? And then he will smugly pay the cheque and make you feel so small. No politics? Where is Tibet? When was China founded? Who is Mao? Damn it. Michael, you are moments away from the smack down of your life. If you don't know something, steer the conversation back to something you do know. This guy doesn't just wanna win. Y'know, he want's to bury you. He wants to humiliate you! I'm like a quarter of the way through. Just in case Michael, I made you a cheat sheet. Michael, the reason I asked you down here for this chat is that I've been thinking that your fears about China are a bit exaggerated. We have m*ssile too. Yeah. Actually, we're in a mild recession right now. I'll give you that, but people use China as the boogie man for all their problems. In the nineteen eighties, it was Japan. Do you really think that manufacturing is a relevant indicator of where the world economy's heading in 2011? Do you know the comparative expansion of say the information sector? I'd say that's far more relevant. Wouldn't you? Don't worry about the coffee, its on me. Michael, I am so happy that we were able to have this little chat. What? f*re him. No, show mercy. What's your point. Right, yes. That's not. Okay let's go in. I'm freezing. Let's just jump in the air! One, two, three. [everyone jumps at different times] Not everyone jumped. Is this worth it? Why? Okay, on three. Uh, everyone in the air. Three, [some people jump] two, [others jump] one, [others jump] zero. [everyone begins to yell] Why's it smell real? [Pam shows him a hidden car-freshener] Ah... good one. Merry Christmas. Good. Great. Nope. Not yet! Nothing. Should be fun. [cheerily] Pam got those sugar-free cookies I like. I'm doing fine. Yea? All good, Santa. Well, that's a relief. Santa's gonna take some much-needed free time. Alright. Good! Before we kick off the party, I just want to remind everyone that an office party is just that... A party. It's not an excuse to get really drunk or confront someone or have a cathartic experience of any kind. Hi guys. Uh, I just wanted to let you know that, uh, I'll be taking a leave of absence starting next week. Uh, no, the opposite. I was actually selected to be a juror on a very high-profile case. Okay, that's hurtful talk. We've talked about that. You know, I don't interrupt your announcements. I can neither confirm nor deny this. Let's just say I'll be up to my neck in jury duty. [excited outbursts] Corporate will be sending someone else to take my place for a while. Uh, Holly Flax, she comes from the Nashua branch. Yeah, uh, she'll be starting next week. If you have any questions about the transition, just let me know. Guys, who's Holly? She's one sassy black lady. I'm not sure the temporary replacement of an H.R. rep really warrants a party. Okay. No, don't throw those out! We can save that. I bought these. These cookies are fine. Michael, Michael, wait we don't have, we don't have the budget for another party. I honestly think you're idealizing people here again, Michael. I don't think that's gonna happen. You know what, I'll pay for it. I'll pay for the party. It doesn't matter. This is way too important. People, Holly's coming back, and this is the most important Christmas party of my life. So back to work. Man, I worked hard. I worked so hard for this! I was after corporate constantly. I emailed Joe. I wrote letters. And, know who I end up owing this to is the Scranton strangler. Thank you. Thank you, Scranton strangler. I love you! You just took one more person's breath away. Just stop moving your calves so much while you're talking. Maybe I'll bring my boyfriend. I'll invite him. I mean, unless there's any chance there could be press at this party. Well, I only ask because he's a senator. I don't think that's appropriate. Yes, he is. [A note is on Jim's computer that says, "It is time. Parking lot at noon." Jim nods and hands it to Dwight who burns it.] No, it has the little... Hi, I'm looking for Michael Scott. Yes, that's me. Come on it. Hey... [sighs] You know what, I could use a breath of fresh air. Let's do it. I've looked her up online... there's nothing about her. She's made no impression on the internet. Hey. I can't talk about it or I'll get removed from the jury. I'm really sorry, I can't help you. I'm waiting for my boss' pretty friend to arrive. Oh, you're Holly! Of course. Sorry. [weak Clint Eastwood accent] Well, well, well, if it isn't Michael Scott. You old bastard. Well I did show my face around these parts, you old bastard. [as Curly] I most certainly am. Unnnnnnngh! Okay... Holly's back. [in monster voice] Oh, huggy monster! Oh, yeah. I brought um, some maple candy. But I have to admit, I got a little hungry on the drive, and I ate some of them. Oh, it's so nice to be back. It looks beautiful in here. Super classy. It's like a party for limousine drivers. Oh, it's fabulous. I love what you did. [in the same accent] Watch out for my g*n they're both loaded. [makes g*n noises] It's a pea sh**t... Yeah, kind of. Oh... AJ gave me that. Mmhmm. Why? That is a really good point. AJ said he hadn't seen any of the Toy Story movies. No. I know. I was like, "What? Are you serious?" Get a life! We sat down and we watched them all in one day. Now he's the biggest Toy Story fanatic ever. Next day I found him in my bed. We live together. He had a little note pinned to him that said, "You've got a friend in me." Yeah. I love him. Hey guys, the tree's here. Why would someone hug you? Are you serious? No, he doesn't. [to Michael] I told her Santa would be here. Who told you that? I can't reconnect with you right now. Hold on one second. [he hurls a snowball at Dwight with a lacrosse stick, misses, and shatters a window, everyone gasps] Excuse me. [clears throat] You guys, this has to stop. Someone could have really gotten hurt. Dwight's right. What you did was dangerous and inappropriate. I'm really surprised at you guys. Last time I was here, you were both best friends. Wait, what girlfriend? I find that unlikely. You email me when you get a new zit. I didn't know you had a girlfriend. I do. She is. That's not true. I don't know her enough to make a decision even. No, I would never ever do anything like that. But it does seem like something you would do. Wait, wait, guys, listen. Toy Story is all about toys that come to life when people aren't looking. You don't think... it's not possible... that Woody did this to himself. No, it really seems like something Michael would do. Okay, I'm sorry, why are we discounting this whole "Woody came to life" thing so quickly? You think this is funny? Dear God in heaven. Michael, you have to let this go. I'm with someone else. I don't feel that way anymore. You made up a fake girlfriend to see if I'd get jealous? And you destroyed a gift my boyfriend gave me? What is the matter with you? Michael, I'm sorry. I really think you're better off. Just now. Just now. Hey, Michael. Pleased to see you. Thank you. Yeah, it was great. Good, good. Good to see you. Have fun. Enjoy the partay. Michael, wait! That's good advice. That's a sad story. Oh, okay, Michael, slow down. Everything's gonna be okay. I shouldn't tell you this, but... AJ won't commit to Holly. And she's gonna tell him that if he doesn't propose to her by the end of the year, it's over. Really. And I don't know about you, but I don't know of a lot of happy marriages that start off with an ultimatum, do you? So just be patient. I'll take that as a no. Michael, this is the gift that corporate gave us that I picked out. You're re-gifting this to me. Oh, yeah? Well, show me the receipt. This is a fast food receipt from April. Hey, Mike. We wanted to give you something. Merry Christmas. You're welcome. Yeah. A trampoline... Video games. A DSi. A horse. A pool. Yes. [answers phone] Hey! Yeah. No, I got it. Just leaving now. January three, 2011. A day which will live in-famously. Holly Partridge Flax, otherwise known as Holly, otherwise otherwise known as a living, breathing angel, is engaged to another man. This is freaking me out. I- okay, let's switch to the happy video, okay? No, no, no, no, let's push through. We'll do this. Today will either be the best or the worst day of my life. Holly gave AJ an ultimatum. He either proposes by New Year's or they break up. Now, if she's engaged, I'm gonna go crazy, and I'm gonna start attacking people. If she's not engaged, in all honesty, I may just burn this whole place to the ground out of happiness. Either way, I am going to need some talking down. And nobody talks me down like myself in a video talking me down. [giggles] Snot. Sorry, it sounded like you said it's snot. I am so sorry. Okay, champagne. Sponge. Gummi bears and gummi worms. Ukulele's happy? Chocolates. Thank you! And two bottles of scotch. And did you get the tickets? Oh, hey, guys! I'd like to introduce you to a new little friend of mine. His name is New Year's resolution board. What happened? Is there a ring? They're warm. Hey, hey, hey. Want me to crank the thermostat up to 90, smoke her out? She can't keep those mittens on forever. Wow. Hey! [sticking up middle finger] Right back atcha, b*tch! Happy! Happy, happy, happy, happy!Video Whoa, whoa, whoa, okay, calm down, breathe. I'm trying!Video I said breathe! I'm trying!Video Wait a second, are you listening to music? What?Video Shut that off! I'm not listening to music!Video Fine, just go crazy for a little while! Lookin' good! You're lookin' good. [roping Michael in] Oh, I gotcha! I gotcha! I'm pulling you back! Michael dance off! Go! Oh, that's nice.Video Go! Go!Video Nice! We're gonna calm down later. Oh, yeah! My resolution is to read more. And if someone else is driving me to the bookstore, I can eat my PB&J in the car. 2011 is coming up all Darryl. Yeah. I got it for Christmas. I'm so out of my league here. [imitating E.T.] Holly misses old phone. [imitating E.T.] New phone is confusing. Gets bad reception. [imitating E.T.] Bummer. Oh, God, please stop! [reaches for her cell phone] Oh, I should get this. Hey! Oh, no, don't go see that one, I want to see that together. Yeah, go see that action one. Okay. I love you, too. All right. I don't think so. No. I'm not... I'm not going to have... No! Just talk to her. I'll talk to her, Michael. Why wouldn't she? One of the hardest parts about making resolutions is keeping them. In fact, most resolutions are abandoned by February. Yeah. Okay, well, my confession is that today I had a sip of coffee. But that's fine. Yes! Because with all of your support, by this time next year maybe I'll be down to one glass of iced tea a week. Well not all of us are Michael Freaking Scott. Well, I can't, I don't know how. My tombstone's already made, thank you. This is all I could find. Can I get some cheese whiz? Or hollandaise? Oh, Michael. God, I hate it. All right! You're k*lling him, Michael! All right, I ate the fluffy part, can I be done? Can I get some candy, or something? Okay, Michael, just settle down. Yes, Michael? What's up? Oh, no, Michael, I don't want to talk about it with you. I mean, I'm fine, I just... I don't want to talk about it. You think? You were super mean. It was traumatizing, Michael. I wouldn't be surprised if I never ate a vegetable again. Okay, Michael, no offense, but you need to get your own life. Well, I am. [hugs Michael] I'm going to help you. You want to keep this? Do you want to keep this? Do you want to keep this? You can toss them. I just think we need to cool things down for awhile. Yeah, a break. At least until I get back to Nashua. Yeah, I'm sure. Mmmhm. Yes, sir. I really appreciate it, Boss. I did it! The perfect cartwheel. What a rush! That's all I had to do all year. Oh, sorry, mate. [laughing] What you doing? You picked on the wrong person, I can tell you that. Yeah big time, yeah. Ooh! David Brent, my liege. How are you? Oh, there you go. I do characters as well. I got a Chinese fella. He's called Ho Li [bleep]. That's what it sounds like. Herrow! Herrow! You can't do that these days. You can't. No, no. No, comedy is a place where the mind goes to tickle itself. That's what she said. [laughs]. [hugs Michaels] Ohh. Where are you working? Any jobs now? Just let me know. All right. Oh it's... [points to conference room] Michael? Ooh. Wait, Michael? Okay. We're no more a team than the people staying in the same hotel are a team. Oh, I don't know, Michael. I'm not feeling up to that. Okay. Holly broke up with A.J last week, which is the greatest thing that has ever happened... to me. To Holly, it's been the worst week of her life, and I know for a fact that there was a week for her in high school when she got mono and her first period ever. Too much information? That's what I thought. But, you know what? Here I am using it. Is Mikanos greek? He sounds Italian. Maybe Mikanos ran away to join the Italian circus. What do you do in your free time? Mmm. Do you like movies? We have to try this out on somebody. Look, you want to order something? I don't know what that is. [with accent] It's a very strong coffee with milk from a goat. No more brain damage. Wow! What a day, right? Guess you guys are probably ready to go. And you got my business card, so... Yeah, I mean, I'm getting to it. Yeah, yeah. This is hard for me. I'm a nice guy. Good choice. The rest of you are dead to me. You made the stupidest decision of your life. [with accent] Wonderful seminar! Michael, I should get back to work. Let's Go! For what? Don't you have a sales call to go on? We don't know that. Why is it such a certainty that we are supposed to be together? Michael, I can't keep getting into a situation where I date whoever I'm working with. Well, you can understand that. Well you don't have to agree. No you don't. No, you can have your own opinion. Where'd I put what? And the final clue... Cheer up. We made a sale. Well, I'm going the speed limit. So... Someone's in a bad mood. Alright, let me turn on some music. No you don't. Alright. Well we'll be there in ten minutes. Alright, Well if I see a gas station, I'll pull over. Bye. No, he ditched you man. I saw him drive away. Just make it quick. You don't know it. He left you here on purpose. All right? I saw it. He just drove away. Alright. Don't get a swelled head. You're no tracker. [Dwight and Erin low-five] Let's ride. Ditto. I'm not a pawn shop. Wow. I can't just go giving away hot dogs. Throw 'em away. No. Are their egg rolls really that big? No problem. So you can't pay for your food? You did not. You have no money. And you dined so much. You were trying to steal food from us? You can't. We'll stop you. [walks to the roof of a building and spots Michael] Michael? What are you doing up here? Dunder Mifflin. I missed you too. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, bye. Okay, bye. [kisses Michael] I'll miss you. Bye. Okay, one more quick one. Don't go. I don't want you to go. Oh don't go. Don't go. [clears throat] The numbers are correct, Michael. [clears throat more loudly] [to Toby] I hear them kissing all the time. It's this horrible plipping sound. You know, it's like Chinese water t*rture. Just...[makes popping sound] like it's coming from my own head. Ohh. Can you get lower? Thank you all for meeting on such sort notice. Yes? Seeing as it's Valentine's Day, I felt it would be apropos to have a little refresher course on romance in the workplace. Are you guys listening to this? The flirtatious tickling. That thing were you softly exhale on her neck. I have done PDA in the office. I've had intercourse in the office. She goes to another school. Good. No. Michael, that's absurd. What if two couples want to go at the same time? And what is the hook-up zone policy on masturbation? Yes! What? Problem solved. Sorry to interrupt. Forgot to collect my things. Oh, no. Michael, I don't want to make people uncomfortable. Yeah, but if they're uncomfortable, it makes me uncomfortable. Okay. Holly and I are like Romeo and Juliet. And this office is like the dragon that kept them apart. Two people in love? Wait, wait, wait, what do you mean you love me? We've only been dating for a week. Do you mean you love me like, "oh, hey, there's Holly. I love that girl." Or you do you mean you love me like you love me-love me? Wow, you love me-love me. I love you-love you. [both laugh] I love you. And a shower. Hello. No, don't touch. No touching. Oh. Almost got you. You're not touching me. Yeah, I agree. This is nasty. And here. Okay. You said you would. You're at an age where your sexual climaxes aren't as powerful so you need to overcompensate with foreplay, taboo behavior. Give me all your money and take off your clothes. Come one. Nobody's looking. What's wrong? Maybe we didn't want to think about it. We can make it work. We'll date long-distance. We weren't in love last time. I'm not saying it won't be hard. But we can make it work. That's what she said. Hey. Hey. Come on. You're hurting him. Shh. Just hush. Just rock. Shh. Movie idea? Okay. Shh. Have you talked to her about your feelings? Women really go for that crap. I don't know. Do the monkey face! Good. He loves it. Good. Jump. Jump up and down. Go back to the monkey! Hurl your feces. Good. They really do that. Hmm. [points to Gabe blowing a kiss to Erin] Hi. What? What are you talking about? No, we're gonna talk now. You're not breaking up with me. What if I said it wasn't up to them? The company. Nobody knows our future, but it's not gonna be decided by the company. It's not gonna be decided by anybody but us. What we are is up to you and me. Okay. Okay. Better luck next time, pal. You do? Pizza, soda, the moon, someone to share it with. I got a delivery for ya'. I'm supposed to deliver this one in person. [pulls out a g*n and starts sh**ting at Michael, who dodges dramatically] Midnight titlescreen appears] Midnight. Guys! Guys. Did you guys know that our own Michael Scott has made a movie, and that he maybe will let us watch it, but only if everybody's dying to see it. We'd love to see it! You never told me you made a movie. It's got you. [laughs] I can't wait. I play Samuel, Michael Scarn's robot butler. I wanted Samuel's voice- [robot impression] to be like this! [normally] But Michael thought that Samuel should be a very advance android, almost indistinguishable from a real person. [crashes cymbals by Michael's ear] It's the president. He needs you for a mission. It's Goldenface. Not so fast, Goldenface has taken all the concession stand workers hostage. Scarn, will you find these hostages, and save the game? [Creed wearing a tunic and carrying a mop, standing with Michael in front of an ice rink] Mop the ice. Mop it. [A montage of Michael mopping the ice awkwardly and using an ab-cruncher, and slowly getting better. After a little while, Cherokee Jack Slams a hockey stick on the ice to stop Michael, then offers it to him] Now take this. Die! [The masked man pulls off the mask to reveal that it is Goldenface] I wasn't trying to k*ll you, I was trying to slow you down. [Ryan is seen placing a medal around Oscar's neck] Oh by the way! How's your wife doing? [begins to cry as Goldenface laughs] Hey, you came in second. Not bad either. Huh...[muffled screaming as he slowly chokes, and eventually dies] I'm intercepting a name. Jasmine Winsong. She works for Goldenface. What I can't figure out is, who is the Funky Cat. [acting as a jazz singer at the Funky Cat, singing] They call me Jasmine Winsong. [singing gibberish while laying on the piano on stage] [michael pushes the backwards button on the recorder] The hostages are under the stadium. [An assassin with a golden tie sh**t her with a tranquilizer and she falls] Ha! This is gonna show them [cocks his golden g*n] that I mean business. See ya! [points g*n to Toby the hostage's head, sh**t and Toby's fake head explodes, the sh*t is shown repeatedly] Sorry about your friend, Scarn! We've searched the wh- ok... In the puck! [tosses the puck to Michael] Because I'm going to k*ll you. [takes out golden g*n] Unless! You forgive me for m*rder your wife. [distraught, memories of him and his wife are shown on the puck in a dreamy haze] Yeah? Noooo! [jumps in front of Michael to receive the b*llet] [re-cocks g*n and sh**t at Michael, who looks shocked and scared] You're lucky to be alive. But why would you blow up the stadium? You OWN the stadium! For the insurance money! I knew it all along! [the President, Goldenface, and his minion pull out a*t*matic machine g*n] You will never get away with this! [takes a painting of Abraham Lincoln and awkwardly smashes it on the President's head, runs out of the office as Goldenface and his minion sh**t at them] It wasn't easy for Scarn to admit that he had lost his self-confidence. And he hadn't of course, He just wasn't using it right now. [Andy as a bar tender with a Brooklyn accent] You don't looks so good, what's got ya down? You got problems?! My TV don't work! I pay thirty bucks a month for the damn satellite what's-a-whosit, I can't even get the damn game! Now you tell me, what's worse than that? Why are you singling my line out, like, a million years later? I'm gonna cheer you up, the only ways I know hows. [to a small boy in overalls] Hey kid! h*t G-9 on the Jukebox! There is a whole crowd of people out there, who need to learn, how to do The Scarn. [cracking up at the stupidity of it, the rest of the office besides Michael and Holly are concealing their laughter. Pam Is trying to quiet Jim up] Sorry. Or carnivals! Uh... which part? Some people are really popping on screen! Hey! Good movie. I loved it. Uhm, I loved that you got to work together with all your friends. Isn't that great when you can all work together like that? Uhm... Not worried about that. Wha- It's your dream and you never even mentioned it before! Well why do you have to make a movie at all? Really, you can't think of anything else that you might have? I'm real. I love you too. I am a huge Woody Allen fan. Although I've only seen Antz, but I'll tell you something. What I respect about that man, is that when he was going through all that stuff that came out in the press, about how Antz was just a rip-off of A Bug's Life, he stayed true to his films. Or at least the film that I saw which again was Antz. The thing is... I thought Bug's Life was better, much better. Than Ants. The point is, don't listen to your critics, listen to your fans. Michael! You have to get to that puck before halftime! Or the whole stadium will explode! Cherokee Jack? Michael he d*ed. [crying] This one's for you Cherokee Jack. [Michael skates into the rink of an already in-play match] [he office shushes Michael to hear the movie better] That's fine, it's great! I worked in a gold factory, we had a boss, who only cared about money... Hey, I'm sorry. It is good. Please Goldenface, let us go! I want you to take all of your frustrations, with women, the system, with everything. Take it out on the puck. All on the puck. [laughs at the stupidity] [seen at his house counting his money] Ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha ha! [The puck lands on his lap] Oh-[A large expl*si*n blocks out his words] [The office cheers at the ending of the movie, Michael Scarn holds up a trophy] [in Scarn manor] Some breakfast for me [shows a plate of bacon and eggs] and some breakfast for you. [pulls out an oil can and oils Samuel's circuit board on his back] Oh yeah, I guess I did let him be a robot. [on phone] Michael, it's the president. I need you for another mission. [the office cheers] Whoa Whoa Whoa! Isn't the president evil? No no, he's doing it to catch the president! I really though I was becoming too much of a womanizer. I realized I had shirts in five different women's houses. All right, truth is I gotta couple love bumps on my ding-dong so, game-over! [walks into conference room with Michael and Todd] Hi! After you! Oh, Michael! This'll be just us. All right. I already have. [to Michael] Why is Packer back? Why's he talking to Holly? [excitedly] Oh! Nice! We got b*rned! So you know the feeling. I didn't order anything. Well there's a lot of seats in the annex. Is too! I don't wanna move desks! Do I have any say in this?! [to Holly who is walking by] Oh! If you're going back to the annex, could you take these to Dwight? I think the ants are waking up. They need to start farming soon. [picks up an ant farm and tube of ants from her desk, Holly takes them] Thanks. So much happening. [not as excited as Michael] No! No. Did Todd tell you to do that? I love you. Oh I'm going. I don't think he's funnier than me. No, he's not funny at all. No, what I'm saying is, he's not funny, but you're funnier than he is. Bill Cosby [puts the ant tube high up. Each time she mentions a name it gets lower], Steve Martin, Charlie Bit My Finger, Michael Scott, then all the way down here [tube takes a jump to the bottom] Todd Packer. [at Hank's with Michael, talking to Hank] And a '76 that's good to boot, I like that. [Hank smiles] Why? Holly said that? She was laughing hysterically that whole time! She asked me, Michael! It would've been rude not to answer. Michael, can I open the kamomo with you. I've been on the road too long. But, I wanna connect with my daughter. And it's not right to call her a b*tch in front of strangers. You're right. I gotta watch my behavior. Don't give up on me. I won't. I got a lot of numbers here to put together. That's silly. If anything, I should be apologizing to Packer. Because we all know I can dish it, as good as I can take it. Well, like I said, I wasn't offended, but I'll stand here for the big show. Don't do it Kevin, that's the fake kind of apology. Okay. You want an apology? Here it goes. Kevin, I am so sorry. You are skinny, and you are a genius. [cutting in] No! Don't! Check it out and have a free butterbeer on us. Keep the receipt and we'll get ya' back! [trying to hide from Michael what they're doing, he picks up the phone and talks directly into it] All right, so just pack your bags and, uh, be sure to bring those swimming trunks! Bye now! [hangs up] He took my desk. It wasn't my first choice, Jim had so many better ideas. No, no, no. That is not part of the plan. That is actually anti-what we're doing. [walking into Michael's office] You're looking at the new face of corporate. Gonna put the "ass", in Tallahassee! Well we gotta go out and celebrate, tonight! Do you have a ball and chain? Listen, I'm gonna tell you something that none of these people have the stones to tell you. It's your girlfriend, man. She's uptight. I know this stuff can hurt, but I wish someone had said something to me about my ex-wife. All I'm saying is about a month or so, meet me down in Florida, I'll introduce you to all the local [spanks the air] talent. It's gonna be so good. I'm sorry about your friend. [Brooklyn accent] You ahh. What ah you wicked smaht? Who ahh? Woah, I love her. How much for that? 10 dollars. 200. 45. Damn it. You know we don't have to sell that if you don't want to. If it's a problem with the neon I can have my neon guy take a look. Well we could put it in storage... in case. You know... in case if something changes. How much for the slip and slide? Get lost. [looks out window] Michael! Michael! Hi.. I was just coming out to see what you were doing and to maybe stop you. Why do you need more gas? Is it a good message or a bad message? Are you proposing!? Wow. Yea. Yea no problem. [runs away] Michael, you've had two ideas today. And one of them was great. And the other one was terrible. This is terrible. Hey Michael everyone's in the conference room. You called the meeting I don't.. I did? Michael. We are a family. And I've always believed that we should all be involved in everyone's personal lives, in a very major way. So about this proposal thing... So we just... we wanna help you plan the proposal so that it's safe and responsible and realistic and doable. That's a guarantee. Don't think you need the corpse then. Holy s*** is that real? No. [shakes head back and forth] At a gas station. [oscar laughs] Oh it was when she was working in New York so it was halfway between both of us. No it was really it was really sweet. It was raining and.. Totally reasonable. She's not gonna say no. Yeah... it.s scary. Look I need to talk to you. I think I need to go home to Colorado. My dad isn't doing so well. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah, yeah it's just you know I don't want to go home when he's on his death bed you know, I wanna be there when he's still my dad. And I want you to come with me. Now I know that's a lot to ask of a boyfriend.. And I was thinking... you know maybe since given our last conversation that we're both ready... Michael Scott will you.. Uh, what? I started with a thumb tack and traded my way to a telescope. But in a way the most valuable thing here wasn't the telescope at all. No, it was this... packet of beans. So I traded the telescope for it. And I can just go buy another telescope. 13 dollars. Listen about earlier ... It was wrong to put you in that position and... Michael you are my life now. I'm not going to Colorado. Shhhh. Let's go on a little walk. You know what? I wanna show you some stuff. Why? This is where Toby announced that he was going to Costa Rica. Happiest day of my life. Until the day you came to replace him. Let's go in here. I remember. Michael.. [they both laugh] Yes. In-grown hair. Mh hmm. Oh, I say, I say, I say I sit on you! And right over there is where you found out that Meredith was prostituting herself for Outback steak. And I will never forget that you had the cutest look on your face because you couldn't believe it, you thought it was so wrong. What happened here? [everyone in the office is standing in the kitchen with a lit candle] Hi guys. No. No. No. No. No. Only one that I was kind of worried about. Congratulations! All of us? Wait, what? All right, so just you tonight? I'll drink to that. I'm starting at a company this week. To begginings and endings. The moms and the troops. [laughs] I won't... I don't know her. Colorado! The sunshine state. Doing some skiing? Well that's just good sense right there. Everyone I know who skis is dead. Try it once, you're hooked. That's my guess. I'm an olympics nut. Oh yeah? Me too. Summer or winter?Deangelo/ You know, it's funny, I tried to get an animal olympics going. You know, life happened. What are you gonna miss most about Scranton? That's the way it goes. Excuse me. Hello? You running late? I'm at the bar too. I'm at the bar. The bar that's located in the lobby of the hotel. How long have you... Ok, me too.Deangelo/ [looking up from phones in unison] Sorry... I am wearing a grey suit, red tie. Which place? I hear your voice, I see your lips moving. Deangelo Vickers. That is insane, that is the right term. Let's get some Vodka up in this cranberry, and one for my friend. I am ready. Alright! Here we go! I am very much looking forward to tommorow. It feels like the culmanation of a lot of hard work, a lot of good fortune... [wearing wig] Nope! It's not Ashton Kutcher. It's Kevin Malone! Equally handsome, equally smart! [winks] [blinds roll down, Deangelo waving] Hello! [opens door] How are you sir? And that is what you call a meet cute. Yeah, that story makes you sound stupid. Oh. [chuckles] That was... let's see, where's my replacement? Where's the guy I'm replacing? Why don't I look to the left? He's sitting right there! [office laughs] I wasn't even trying to make a joke. But I guess I've always been sorta quirky, offbeat, a little twisted. Well, it wasn't an affair. Thanks for meeting me. There's no turtle, Michael. I just wanted to get you here. That's because I'm your right-hand man, Michael, but I can't do it again. I can't do it again for a whole new guy. Deangelo, you're going to starve to death. [laughter] Oh, assist. I just prefer it without the name and I thought- I've got to start doing some managing at some point. And it really isn't. Well, I'd like to change it, actually. I think a change would be nice. I saw a hawk today. Just sitting right there on the overpass. Looking at me. Ok, alright! I love it! I love it! Michael, this is Reggie. He is the #1 yelp reviewed shaver in Scranton. It's not even close. Alright. This is how we do it. Feels nice, doesn't it? Ah, yes, please! Just cozy up there. Just thought we could have some rap sessions with smaller groups. Ok, then, powwows then, fine. No, no, no, I know what you're doing. Just quit it. I want to hear from the rank and file. How can I be the best manager for you all? What can I do better? Well, Deangelo, I'd say communication could be improved. People stopped reading memos, so everyone marks them urgent. Michael, can you stop talking now? I need to shave your lips. Oh, that'd be great, thank you Stanley! [holds up painting of desert to office, who are impressed] Interesting. easily the west coast. If you're going whale watching on the East Coast, you might wanna bring a magazine called "West Coast Whales'. [laughter] Because you're not gonna see them- Mmm, whatcha got? What are you doing? Have you lost your mind? Michael, this is serious! Do you know what happens if Deangelo touches a peanut? No, Jim, not everything is life or death. I want to feel comfortable. [uses book to stop the sandwitch's flight] You're getting nut particles all in the air! [steps into conference room] Everyone, mandatory meeting. Multi-purpose room, now. Michael, This is insane. Listen, you're the one who decided to leave. Come on, he's the new boss, you know we have to do this. [walks out] Hold on, Hey Michael, Michael, wait up, hold on. Um, so for these meetings do you just jump into business or do you start with some chit-chat or...? Maybe. Maybe not. 50/50. You know what, it is too bad for this place that you're leaving. [extents hands for hug] Bring it in, come on. [Michael doesn't accept hug] Ok. [walks back] I... I'm adequete. I'm half as good as you. Ok. What is the Native American girl's name? Yes, and this happens every...? Well, you know, why don't we try it, and if it goes good it'll be part of my tradition. Why do you always say that? You're gonna love it. Thanks. Yep, okay... Okay. Stay in bed! Have you lost your mind! Get off my property before I call the police! Uh, leave it at the door or...? Yeah that's fine. Is this an employee of ours? [giggles] Go go go go go go! It reminds me of Katrina. Ahh, Nice! I got a Dundie nomination! [whispers] I'm not going in there. [quietly shuts the door] Go. Oh hey, didn't see you. I don't know, maybe volunteer at the shelter, or go to bed, or... I don't know. Maybe I'm going to the Dundies!! [Flashes her Nomination Certificate] You are getting so funny! [Erin giggles] Very good. The Dundies are my baby, and they need to go on. When Larry King d*ed they didn't just cancel his show. They got Pierce Morgan to come in, and do his show, and, that way, Larry lives on. Just a little announcement folks, remember, the Dundies is a black tie affair. Every day is black tie optional! You're right, you're right. I'm a middle class broad. [Jim does his "Jim face"] Yeah that's great. Thank you Michael, uh, but I will have to pass. Not much of a performer, unless you count singing in the shower. Boy, okay... [whispers to Michael] Michael, I'm very, very bad. You are doing it. Yes! I love banter. But I hate witty banter. That is true, we do share some similarities. I know how you can fix one of those problems, for me it was portion control. For you, you need a key chain. Maybe one with a- This did not happen. Why don't you ask my therapist, my mom certainly pays her enough. Where were you on September 11th? Why don't you think of hosting the Dundies like you're just running a meeting. Why don't you just, privately, in your own head, think of it like a meeting. Mike, why do you have to control how he perceives it in his mind? [laying down, Michael is sitting on DeAngelo's stomach bouncing up and down in Michael's office] Me mo. Me mo. Meee Mo, Mee! When I was very young, my mother divorced my father and I had to go to court and choose between them. THE DUNDIES ARE-OW-ABOUT COMING TOGETHER! AND RECOGNIZING, THE ADOMINABILITY OF THE HUMAN SPIRIT! [Jim comes and closes the door] [bad Australian accent attempt] THE DUNDIES! Maybe I just need to look into my heart. [in the bathroom in front of the mirror] DeAngelo, where is Michael Scott. [his reflection in the mirror turns around to reveal that it is Michael] Ladies and gentlemen, please stand up for you co-host this evening, Michael Gary Scott. [Michael comes running up to stage as people applaud] Please remain standing for your other co-host, and new manager, DeAngelo Jeremitrius Vickers! [DeAngelo presents himself, and changes his mind and runs off] Was that part of the...? Go do it by yourself, get Ryan. This was not, part of the job description! Who am I doing this for? I can't. [Michael slaps him again] Stop, hitting me. h*t me again. [Michael slaps him once more] It's showtime. Alright, here we go. Nope, go back to the script. Wow! I do not parent for the award but I gotta tell you It feels pretty good. Uh, Cece, if you're watching this at home it's way past your bedtime, by the way how'd this get televised? I don't know maybe being a good dad is just all in your own compass. I don't know, I don't know. Thank you! Didn't I? Big smiles folks! There they are. How do I feel about not winning Hottest in the Office this year? Uhm, I'm very relieved. How do you, how do you judge something like that? What is the criteria even? It's, it's so subjective. Oh really? [camera shows that Kevin has drawn a house on the tablecloth. [stands up and walks to stage, takes the microphone] Well, this is embarrassing, um, I'm obviously really angry at Erin. It's that quarter life crisis everyone's been talking about. [Jim is looking wide eyed, jaw dropped] Alright I'm gonna go. [Dwight plays cricket noises] Damn that was cold. THAT'S WHY IT'S BEEN SHUT DOWN FOR MOST OF THE EVENING... This is truly special, for me! And uh, anyway. It's so much lighter! Michael, are we?! We're done. We're done! Michael, we were thinking maybe we could keep this thing going! I know I'm the cause of this royal screw up but I would like to see this show go on. Let's grab some ice cream, go back to the office, and finish what we started. [others nod in agreement] I don't know that we need to dissect it all now, but- That did. Pretty huge laugh. [with Dwight and Michael outside Michael's car] You know what, I have to go to the bathroom. We should just wait here and not get good seats in the conference room? Okay, fine I'll hold it. I thought it was the worst Dundies I've ever been to. [as Michael pulls over and stops the car] Please don't stop so suddenly, the seatbelt is pressing on my bladder. Why are you even wearing a seatbelt, you're sitting in the backseat, baby. I just don't see a point in the Dundies! Okay? The jokes are terrible, the venue is bad, the fashion is boring. [very uncomfortable] Look, what ever you're going to do, how long is it going to take? Ballpark. 'Cause I just, I gotta make a decision here. [gets out and slams the door] He is in an all-out sprint. A lot of people I'd like to thank, but I think we all actually wanna thank you Michael. [starts playing the tune to Seasons of Love while Andy sits down] Remember to call, remember to, call. Remember to call. [recall to Dundies at Louie Volpies] Every day, millions of Americans suffer from extreme repulsiveness. Someone in our midst, is bringing that problem to light. Toby Flenderson, please come up here and accept the Extreme Repulsiveness Award. Oh that's so mean! Come on Toby. [walking up] Michael? I've got a treat for you! Colorado specialty, Rocky Mountain Oysters. [angrily] That's because they're Not oysters, they're bull testicles! I cut them off fresh this morning! [Michael spits it out] Hah! What is wrong with you? I'm the sick freak? After what you did? You expect to be buttled? You didn't recommend me?! Where did you hear that? Obvious XM Radio? Great idea. Especially if you think that life would be better without Legs! Black Bears can smell a salami at five miles Michael, what are you thinking?! And they run faster than a horse, so if you were thinking about outrunning one on a horse I would try a cheetah. You, in tight pants, Michael, are a salami to a Black Bear. Do you understand? [Michael nods in agreement] You're like a giant walking salami! Any kind of meat that you can possibly name! [with Michael in his office] You're not gonna take all these toys are you? I mean you don't have a job lined up, so it's not like you have a desk to put 'em on. That's nice. [reaches and a grabs a toy truck] How 'bout that truck? Can I have this little truck? I was thinking I might... glue a stapler on top. Or put a hole here, stick pens in it. [Michael gives an obviously fake smile] You okay? You know what? Uh, it's your last couple days, I'm gonna get out of your hair. I will be in the break room. Dead man walking. Everything. [to Michael] We decided on the ice cream. Mint chocolate chip, your favorite. Yeah that was a surprise... [surprised] Okay. Should we get toppings? [confused] What? Hot fudge? Sounds good. Fudge it up! [all seem surprised at Michael's behavior] [holding up his "World's Best Boss Mug"] I bought this for myself. And yesterday, they gave me this. [holds up a Dundie that reads, 'World's Best Boss 2011, Michael G. Scott', throws his mug into the garbage can and places his Dundie at the front of his desk] I still need something to drink out of though. Please Michael. [holds up mittens she's knitting] Look Michael, it's a going away present so your hands won't get cold. It's almost done, but you can't get them wet, and they can't be dry-cleaned either. You have to hand wash without water, wring-dry gently, and use a hairdryer on cool. It's cute. [plays with it] Where's the rest of it, it's got no b*lls. You know I'm the worst salesman here right? What does that even mean? I'm gonna lose 'em. I promise you that I will. I used to be obese. Once you've conquered obesity, everything else is easy. Life literally moves in slow motion. I'm not saying I'm superman, but, let me just put it this way. If I were sh*t in the head, I'm pretty sure everything would be fine. I almost welcome it. [winks] Oh! [Michael unrolls it to reveal it is a caricature of Kevin as a pig eating pizza] Oh... Better... But... Michael, I'm pretty much okay with who I am now. I just lost Porter Hardware! I just, I lost 'em! Thank you Michael. It's beautiful. [laughing] It looks like a [more laughing] It looks like it was made by a two year old monkey on a farm! He just accepted, accepted that I put all this work into it! [laughs more] He has the lowest opinion of me, of anybody! It was just you... State Senator. You wanna see some pictures? I just got these. Uhm, these are, okay this is us at the theater. And antiquing! Oh, rollerblading. Oh, that's Thomas, Robert's aide. [Michael is leaving the accounting area] Oh Michael! Where do you want your last pay check sent? You have an address yet in Colorado? What town do Holly's parents live in? [to Michael] Hey! It's almost your last day, come sit with us. You sure? I don't think any of them are supposed to shred magazines. [on phone] Hello there! Boulder. Is something wrong? Are you okay? [Yoda voice] Oh you mean this? [deep man voice] I'll pay the rent! [Michael laughs] Okay, my mom's looking at me and she has no sense of humor. It's a joke mom! Well I'll see you tonight. I'll pick you up outside baggage claim. I love you too. Well you know Michael, I have a brother in Boulder. Rory Flenderson. You should look him up. [smiling] Okay. [doing make up and irritated] What?! Yes! Please! Please go away! And stop using that weird slow voice. Wow. [camera pans over to show that the light is from Michael's St. Pauli Girl Sign, hanging in Ryan's office] This is... totally unnecessary. No! I'm not cleaning up a bunch of uneaten cupcake bottoms! You know, we don't really care about your opinion. You're just a tie-breaker. Oh, hey Michael! I'm just going to go to Carbondale to price some shredders. I'll see you later. Well, no. He hates jams. Hey. That's sweet Mike. Let's see here. There's a chapter, called Gum. With one sentence. Everybody likes the guy who offers him a stick of gum. No. Can't let you do that Mike. No problem. Worth a try. No. Not while I'm driving. I know that Gabe is young, and hot and everything. And he's begging me to reconsider, but I... I just think I'm in love with someone else. Andy. I wish I knew who my birth mother was, so she could just tell me who to choose. I'm not attracted to Kevin. [nods] Extension 147. I know. [on the phone] You want the 27-26 or the 27-30? No. [trying to finish her sale when Michael hangs up the phone] I'm on a sale! Okay... [Jim gives a knowing look to the camera] Yes. [opening his trunk excitedly and gets out his paintball gear, takes his g*n and looks for Michael, gives up, Michael jumps out of the dumpster sh**ting, they sh**t each other, yell, laugh, and taunt, having a great time] [Michael walks into the office, still a mess] Ahh, what happened to you? [smiles knowingly] Uhh, she's still pricing the whatevers. The shredders. [walks into a movie theater showing The King's Speech] [in his office talking to Creed, Gabe, and Meredith in that order] Whether you're scared of dying, or dying Alone, or dying drunk in a ditch. Don't be. It's going to be okay. Yeah I was tripling up. There's not enough time in the day to have a special moment with everybody. [sounding hurt] I'm either going to quit today, or stay to make sure that Andy's career is destroyed. We did it! Yes, what is this about? Mmhmmm. They're almost done but my knuckles are swelling a little and- Is that it? Is that it? Hey, can I talk to you for a second? [brings Michael into his office] So I've been meaning to tell ya, I wanna take you out for lunch. For your last day. What do you think? Tomorrow? Lunch, you and me? You're not leaving tomorrow. You're leaving today right? Wow, so that's it huh? Just, four o'clock and you are gone for good. Absolutely not. It's just that sometimes... goodbyes are a b*tch. You know what I think we should do? I think we should just save the goodbyes for tomorrow. At lunch. And then tomorrow, I can tell you... what a great boss, you turned out to be. The best boss I ever had. [Jim is holding back tears too] Alright. Listen Michael, I really... I did text Pam, but... [shakes Michael's hand] I will see you, tomorrow at lunch. [chuckles] You got it. Oh no, they're still not done. [drinking from Michael's World's Best Boss mug] See ya tomorrow boss! Later guys. [leaves the office] Got almost everybody. So... Holly's my family now. [you see video of Michael getting into the cab, and driving off. As the cab leaves, Pam drives in] She's my family. The babies that I make with her, will be my children. The people that you work with, are just... when you get down to it... your very best friends. They say, on your deathbed, you never wish you spent more time at the office. But I will. Gotta be a lot better than a deathbed. [You see Michael getting out and entering the airport, and going through security] I actually don't understand deathbeds. I mean, who would buy that? [turns around] [whispering] Michael. I can't believe you came. If Ryan wants his baby back, please tell him where to fine me. We'll be somewhere in Europe. [looking at Drake] Won't we? [turns around] [whispering] Michael. I can't believe you came. If Ryan wants his baby back, please tell him where to fine me. We'll be somewhere in Europe. [looking at Drake] Won't we? Ok, well I did not get the job in New York, but I got the real prize, domestic bliss. Jan made me breakfast this morning... well she bought the milk. It's soy. [walks into bedroom, Jan sleeping on bed] This is why I do it, that's what I have to come home to. [sighs] She probably won't be up for a few hours. Well have fun with that. Where? So she's really going to be fine? Thank God you were there. No need we can just check the security tapes. It's only Meredith. Hey... Why did you do it? Was she talkin' back? [sighs] All right! Yes Michael? So Ryan got promoted to corporate, where he is a little fish in a big pond. Whereas back here in Scranton I am still top dog, in a fairly large pond. So who is the real boss? The dog or a fish? Back? Why is that Michael? Oh! Did you do this on purpose? Did this happen on company property? I don't think you understand how jeopardy works. There's a diabetes sh*t, roll the insulin in your hand, don't shake it. She gets an ace inhibitor with her meal, but you have to put her right in front of the dish or she won't see it because of the cataracts. Mix one capsule of omega fatty acid in with her kidney medicine, um... and you want to give that to her 15 minutes after she's eaten. And, oh and there's a fungal cream because she has this infection under her tail, so you're gonna have to lift her tail and put the cream right at the base of her tail. You pushed Darryl out the window? You sh*t Dwight? OK, we're leaving for the hospital at 1. [to Kevin] Separate cars. Alright, I will get a card at the hospital and we'll sign it outside her room. Sales people can go later in the day. Hourly works can go at lunch. I... I was thinking that we... But... You can't be serious. You ran a woman over this morning. Everyone inside the car was fine, Stanley! Guess what, I have flaws. What are they? Oh, I don't know. I sing in the shower. Sometimes I spend too much time volunteering. Occasionally I'll h*t somebody with my car. So sue me... No, don't sue me. That is the opposite of the point that I'm trying to make. She looks awful. I think she's awake. No. At the same time. This is weird. Whoa! No don't bother the nurse, just put it back in. Well it was really great of all of you to come and visit me at the same time. I'll see you guys at the office. Michael, I'm not gonna do that. No, that's not. That's next to cleanliness. You're not forgiven. [screams] [to Angela] It's gonna be OK. Michael, Angela's cat d*ed. [nods] [sighs] Oh, sh... I'm sorry Angela. Man what a day huh? How could it get any worse? Her computer crashes with the p*rn, and then Meredith with the accident, and then... Sprinkles! God, that's 3 things. I'll tell you what's going on. This office is cursed, and we need to do something about it. Well, I am taking responsibility. It is up to me to get rid of the curse that h*t Meredith with my car. I'm not superstitious, but... I'm... I am a little-stitious. Like what? Yeah. Dwight please! No, I have not. I do not respect her, but I will go. Oh, Michael, you can't ask about religious beliefs... Alright, well then you can ask about religious beliefs. I'm... um, Catholic. Presbyterian. I've been involved in a number of cults, both as a leader and a follower. You have more fun as a follower, but you make more money as a leader. That's Buddhist. No. Well if you're going to reduce my identity to my religion then I'm Sikh, but I also like Hip-hop and NPR, and I'm restoring a 1967 Corvette in my spare time. And a rat. Separate occasions. If there was a God then Ryan and I would be married by now. So, just to be safe they are giving her the rabies vaccine. Mm-hmm. No, no. You've gotta be bitten by something. Actually the doctor said it was lucky she came in to the hospital, cause the only way to b*at rabies, is to start treatment before the symptoms set in... Lock jaw. Six of one, really. Turns out Meredith has been exposed to rabies. Which is like 10 times worse than a little cr*ck in your pelvis. Thanks to me she went to the hospital and I saved her life. Curse is broken. Curse is broken people! [Kevin claps] Oh... there is a God, and he has a plan for us after all. So go home get some rest, very very good work today. We got a lot accomplished. Michael Scott's Dunder-Mifflin, Scranton, Meredith Palmer memorial, celebrity rabies awareness, fun run race for the cure, this is Pam. Pro-Am race for the... They hung up. [on the phone] No, rabies... Babies would be a good idea. Can I put you down for a dime? Zero. Isn't that your money? Oh, it's coming. Michael? You cannot make me run. It is not a real charity. It's stupid Michael, and I'm not gonna do it. You didn't run for me... ...when I thought I had skin cancer. No. I just don't want to run. I didn't bring my sneakers or my clothes. [pushes her chair into Dwight's legs] I'm not depressed I'm in grief. Well a giant check costs about $200.00 to make up. I have a print shop standing by but... What do you think Michael, that's over 25% of our funds? Yeah. Wait, this money is going to bat birth control, right Michael, that's what you told me when I contributed. And also there is no such thing as a rabies doctor. You know what though, I've actually seen ads for nurses that you can hire by the hour, for parties and bachelor events. Maybe we should just skip the ceremony and setup a college fund for Meredith's son. Michael, 5k means 5 kilometers, not 5 thousand miles. [knocks] Hey. Oh my God. You said come in! [Michael knocks slowly on door] Come in. Yes. Or come in. You couldn't have taken off all your clothes in the men's room? On average, how many hours a day do you spend naked in your office? Just ballpark. They're so not. [sighs] Gross. What, is any of this real? I don't know what your deal is, but he's mine, OK? So hands off. [feeding a squirrel] I'm giving him a peanut. Look how happy he is. Hello Michael. Yeah. Great. [everyone claps] Mm-hmm. OK, fettuccine alfredo, time to carbo-load. On your marks, get set... Hey! [extremely loud g*n] That's my boss! Yeah-ha baby! Water? Water? [Toby gabs water, drinks, then throws back at Jan] Water babe? Michael that's irrational. Hmmm... You've got nothing to worry about, I put Imodium in Toby's coffee before the race. [Ryan looks at the phone as it rings... [Pam's voice] [You have reached the offices of Dunder-Mifflin, Scranton, currently the entire staff is out doing the Michael Scott, DM FM PMC rabies awareness Pro-Am fun run race... [Michael's voice] for the cure... [Pam's voice] leave a message" Ryan hangs up] You don't understand. He couldn't have made it a circle? What are you doing here? Did you come back for us, or... Well, you're probably dehydrated. Glass of water would be a start. Yeah. Hey Michael, look at this lamp. $8.00. And Michael, you don't have rabies. And chances are you're not going to get it anytime soon. So... you don't really have to think about it too much. Yeah, but there's other, better people out there who are helping. I know you Michael, I saw you naked. You don't, you don't know me. You've just seen my penis. I can make a difference, remember, I'm the one who started this whole thing off by hitting Meredith with my car. And I owe it to her to finish this... GD 5k [gets up groaning, Jim tries to help] No, no! Hey Michael. Better. I'm in because you h*t me with your car. But I wanted to say, I heard you were trying really hard, so I'm not mad at you anymore. Sure. I guess. [Pam smiles and walks away, then comes back and kisses Jim on the cheek] How dare you. Ohh. Yes, uh some people in the office have complained... ...about some other people engaging in PDA and, you know [Michael leans in closer to Toby] I just wanted to remind it's not appropriate to, to do that. Alright everyone, look, it, alright my complaint was about Jim and Pam. So... Ummm... yup. Yes, we are. Tuna! I knew it! Yes. Actually, we've been dating for a couple months. Phone's ringing. [goes back toward desk] Jim Halpert's off the market. Guess who just became the best looking single guy in the office? Did you plan it? [reading from paper] Can you make that straighter? That job looks hard. You should put your mouth on that. How can you even use that one naturally? Oh. Hold on one second. [Ryan types on Blackberry for a few seconds] Hey Pam! It's great to see you. Is Michael in? Yeah. OK. Should we get started? Yep, exactly. This is a business meeting. Stop that! Stop that! [to Kevin] You scared me. When he started the f*re. Michael and everybody, umm... ...let me just say something. I know I used to be a temp here, but now everything is different. I'd like your respect. I am your boss now. You're gonna have to treat me that same way you treated Jan. So... OK... Enough! OK? This is inappropriate and it stops right now. Do you understand? Perfect. Sounds good. OK, alright. This is a massive overhaul. We're getting younger. Sleeker. And more agile so that we adapt to the market place. All essential personnel will be issued Blackberries for company use. Thank you everybody. We're screwed. Us? You and me. The old timers. OK, what's up? Well it is business, but not as usual. No. [shaking head] We're throwing out the entire playbook, we're starting from scratch, we're implementing a brand new system. No. We're not. Michael, I know exactly how much time and man power are wasted in this branch. This company is getting younger, faster, more efficient. You need to prepare yourself. You know what? I love the beard. Keep it forever. [goes into Michael's office] Hey. What? So, what's Ryan doing here? He's such a snake. I hope he's gets h*t with an ageism suit. Ageism? Companies they can't discriminate against people due to old age. Like a couple years ago we tried to force out some of the older branch managers with a mandatory retirement age and then Ed Truck, your old boss, threatened us with a lawsuit, so we had to back off. [notices pictures on the wall] Ohh... man. Michael. We're not doing this today. OK. This is... Technically, he's right. Because they're lame. Reusing the Ben Kingsley, too. Michael Scott? Michael, [gets up] can I talk to you a second? We have actual work to do. Fine. Then I will call David Wallace and you can explain to him why you threw the founder of the company out on his ancient butt. [they glare at each other] I'm 87. Well, I, I, I haven't been to a board meeting in years. I, I send a proxy. I started this company in 1949. Back then, it was an uh, an industrial supplier of metal brackets mostly for, for construction. And then Mifflin, of course he k*lled himself later... Uh, but I knew Mifflin through the Rotary Club. And he was, he was [starts laughing] at dinner with Beverly and her husband, wha-what was his name, umm... uhh... Jerry.. Jerry Trupiano from, from South Jersey and he was tall. Both he and Mifflin were tall guys. And... Well I, I, I came here in a cab. Well, cou, could you get me another... [Michael closes door] I think that I should help him get home. No, No. Don't help him. He doesn't need help, Pam. [Jim nods head and Pam gets up and leaves to help Robert Dunder, Michael shows Robert thumbs up] What a nice guy. Well, today was a fantastic waste of time. Michael, technology helps business OK? You should not resist it, this is the way the world is moving. I wouldn't want to do that now would I? Dry rot? Mmhmm, sweet, chocolate turtles. Yes, no! No, those are for our clients. Actually, our exclients. I'll explain, later. Alright. What's, uh, going on here? With gift baskets. With peanut brittle, with macadamia nut cookies, with chocolate turtles, with raspberry jam and a little bit of fat and salt because you know what? That's what people like. Ever since I was a kid people have been telling me I can't do things. "You can't be on the team", "You can't move on to second grade". Well, now they're telling me that I can't win back clients using old fashioned business methods. [shakes head] We'll see about that. And FYI, I eventually aced second grade, and I was the biggest kid in class. Why don't we just go by ourselves? Michael. This is stupid. How is giving people gift baskets going to get our clients back? Yes! Cash basket! Nice work Tuna. Michael, wait. Let me go. Please, let me go. I need to win those clients back. [camera moves around and zooms in at Angela's face] Please. Good luck Michael. Yeah. Thank you. [in Michael's car] Sweet ride, American made. What happened to the Sebring? Ah, that's a pain in the ass. Why do you use that thing? Let's them know where you are at all times. Tuna. Check you later. You know we closed our account with you right? Yes, yes we know but we just have not gotten over you. And we are dedicated to providing you with the very best customer service, the very best personal business relationship we can if you ever decide to come back to us. Please, come back. I mean, really it's about money. OK thanks. I mean their website is really easy to use too. That's a big deal for us. I don't know. Sometimes people are just impossible and they make you miserable. Like Angela in accounting. Make the next right turn. Yeah, I'm gonna do some mock ups, and then turn those into thumbnails, maybe do some... splash frames. [laughs] I don't know what I'm talking about but I'm excited. You know I have heard it before. She's great, thanks for asking. Great memory. Oh, OK. OK thanks for the goodies. You don't know? Can you offer lower prices? He's not coming back, it's over Michael. Accept it, why would he come back? That's not gonna change his mind. He's moving on. We had our chance and we k*lled it. Oh, OK. Well when it's up, I'll check it out, and if it really cuts costs maybe we'll come back. That I don't care about as much. Let me know when the site's up. [in Michael's car] Well we're O for six. Last chance is the Elmhurst country club. Other side of the lake, on the southeast side. That's how it goes sometimes, you know? You lose everything and everything falls apart and eventually you die and no one remembers you. Wait wait wait! No no no! It means bear right, up there. No no no, look, it means go up to the right, bare right, over the bridge and hook up with 307. It can't mean that! There's a lake there! This is the lake! Remain calm! I have trained for this! [unfastens seat belt] Okay, exit the window! [Dwight and Michael exit through the window] Here we go! Look out for leeches! [swims toward Michael] Are you okay?! Swim for it! I got you! [Dwight grabs onto Michael while Michael opens the back door for the camera man] Michael! Michael! I got you, I got you! [Michael and Dwight reach the ground] Fine. Did you get the rental insurance? Because that is pretty important too at a time like this. I'll call a cab. [brings out cell phone] Look at that, still works. Old fashioned cell phone. [speaking on the cell phone] Yes, we need a cab at Lake Scranton, at the end of East Mountain Road, in the lake. Yes! Did you forget something? What happened to you guys? Maybe you should leave. Can you call us a cab please, I'm gonna [gets water from his clothes on the couch] Oops, sorry! [comes back with gift basket] Alright here you go, take it back! Yeah it was mine! Come on guys, get out of here! [leaving] We'll bill you. That is not correct. You did what? Into a lake. Did you get any clients back? Maybe, maybe not, time will tell. But I will tell you one thing. Those gift baskets never endangered anybody's lives. [looks at Ryan] Game set match... point... Scott... game over... end of game. I saw it. I saw it, and it was amazing! Who said I didn't see it? Did Jim say that I didn't see it? I saw it! Dah! Come on! Dude, you gotta believe. [to Pam] Wait for it. Oh! Yes! That was so awesome. That was awesome. Thank you. Michael? This is the press release I was telling you about. Ryan wants you to share it with everyone. He does. Whoops. Is that really what Ryan wanted you to tell us? And... today the Dunder-Mifflin Infinity website officially launches. Well the website is the brain-child of my brain-child, Ryan. It is my brain-grandchild. And, uh, to celebrate it's birth, all of the different branches are going to have satellite parties, which will be connected via web-cams and fibers to the real party, which is going on in New York City at uh, a very exclusive nightclub, and that is where all of the VIP's, including yours truly, will be partying with uh New York City's finest, and I do not mean policemen... If that's from Ryan, does it mention if he's seeing anybody? Waste of time. Then it would say lanch party, Kevin. Would it really be better if it said lanch party? It's supposed to say launch! It appears that the website has become alive. This happens to computers and robots sometimes. Am I scared of a stupid computer? Please. The computer should be scared of me! I have been salesman of the month for 13 out of the last 12 months. You heard me right. I did so well last February that Corporate gave me 2 plaques in lieu of a pay raise. Waaay too tight. Why is it so tight? Is just looks bad. Setting up the web-cam for the party. Depends... how much have you eaten already today? Uh, just one second. We're in a meeting and I'll see if he's available. It's Jan. [on phone] My friends? Michael, I was terminated. Is it really that important to you? Alright. Go by yourself. Well... What? No Michael! What do you want me to do, not announce it? Four twelve. Sure we'll go. One of the tickets is for him. Yes, Mr. Galliado. How would you like to pay ten percent less for paper than you're paying right now? It's not important how I got your information. What is important is that you say yes. Good. I'm driving? Alright, let me just say good-bye to Pam. Because there's a party! A party for the website I've been planning for two weeks. There's still an hour. Yep. A long time ago, but, I liked it. Yeah. It's not. It's different. But it's a good book. What was that? Oh. Two kisses. Gotcha. That would be fun. Uhhh. Can't. Oh, no cause... you're gonna let me know when we're close, right? Mmmkay... Uh, that is an invitation to an online party. Yep. Are there, uh, three w's at the beginning of the address? Yep. Well the invitation says VIP's only. Is this how you treat your VIP's, Ryan? We're already in the city. The main part with the buildings. What am I supposed to do? What do you want me to do tonight? And if you tell me, that I have to drive back to Scranton, to the satellite party, I am going to throw up! Okay I'm going to throw up. I'm throwing up. You're making me throw up, Ryan. You know what this is like? I'll tell you what this is like. This is like when the Freshmen would throw a party and wouldn't let any of the Seniors go. Oh actually I withdrew from consideration. [on monitor] You b*at me. You are the superior being. Why aren't you in New York? You said you weren't coming back and we could leave early. Thank you. He b*at the computer. Oh hey! Good for you. Good for you. Scranton power. Alright you know what? Angela I'd like you to come into my office in ten minutes. Bring something to write with and something to write on. Good. This was a pretty disappointing day. It was kind of a slap in the face to realize that I wasn't as important as I thought I was to a certain young executive who I cared about. But, you know, I'm not gonna cry over it. I did that in the car on the way home. The party starts in an hour. Beer, lite beer, streamers, orchids. Better lighting? Something made of ice? Pizza, pizza with mushrooms, pizza without mushrooms, white pizza, steak? Chocolates? Someone famous? Cool music. Confetti. Go-Go dancers? I can't do this. I can't do it. Okay. Okay. [raised eyebrows] Okay. We get to go home? Wait! Alfredo's Pizza Cafe? Or Pizza by Alfredo? [disagreeing with Michael] Michael, there's a very big difference between these two pizza places. Both in quality of ingredients, and overall taste. Which one did you order from? [shouts of disapproval] Medium amount of good pizza. They say you should never mix business with pleasure. Really? Well then, explain to me how a putt-putt golf company operates. The Pizza by Alfredo guy is here. I said it normal. Hey. Sixty-three fifty, and that's not including tip. The half off coupon only applies to orders of two pizzas. I don't care what you told them on the phone, that's our policy. It's not pizza. [shrugs] Not my problem. Great story. It's sixty-three fifty, and that's not including tip. Well then you're not getting you're pizzas. What? I'm not going in there. This is stupid. Yeah, I know that guy. He's that farmer that grows really crappy weed. No. We're a paper company. The best paper company in the whole wide world. You better think about what you're doing. Sales? A loser. You need to let him go. Yes. Yes, but not by kidnapping. As a hostage. I think you're under-thinking it. Ransom. What did he say? So, we should let him go. Michael just called the pizza place with a list of demands. Michael, Ryan wants to introduce the branch managers in a few minutes. You just have to wave and introduce yourself. And now from my old hometown, Scranton Pennsylvania, my former boss, Michael Scott. [kicks open bathroom door] If you're going number one you've got ten more seconds! Ahh-chaa! Shut up, or I'm going to punch you in the throat! You had to, what other choice did you have? Well, yeah. Oh my God, oh my God. Hello Michael, this is Ryan, first off thanks for the shout out. Why is there a kid on your webcam saying that he's being held against his... [Michael hangs up on Ryan] What will you do? Yeah. So, I'm paying full price? Here we go, sixty-five. You know what? There's two more. See ya, drive safely. Now what? Alright. Oh, I assume I'm going to be reimbursed for the pizzas. I have to go clean up after the party. Blah. Uhh. What? Coopers has calamari. Tokyo? Yes. Nice. Woo-hoo. I'm sorry, you guys are going to have to leave. Hey, you're the Scranton guy. I liked your statement tonight. Oh, very cool. It was funny to see Ryan all embarrassed by that. Later on. And I spent so much time in Scranton and I never sold any paper. I started a f*re with my cheese pita. I date Indian girls. Now I've got a beard, and I can do whatever I want, and I'm your boss. I don't get that, I don't understand that. Well, it's part of it, it's just the... uhhh. Michael just rented The Devil Wears Prada. He has his NetFlix sent here to the office, and he watches them in pieces when things are slow. He's a big Meryl Streep fan, so I shouldn't be surprised that he's identified with her character. A suit? Like the main company number? Because I'm gonna have to call information. Where's Armani? He's on the phone. Too slow. You are not going to Paris. I'm so much better than you are. [breaks into laughter] You finished the movie. No. Go ahead. You do. Well, they both go with the carpet I've ordered, and if you go with the brown leather on the sofas, then they go with that too. A futon's not a sofa. I know what a futon is, Michael. We have gone through this. Yes. Money has been a little tight lately. But, at the end of my life, when I'm sitting on my yacht, am I gonna be thinking about how much money I have? No. I'm going to be thinking about how many friends I have, and my children, and my comedy albums. I mean, I have a yacht, so I obviously did pretty well money wise. Conniving little runt. Put him through. [on the phone] I sent you an email about the new Powerpoint. I had IT install the updated Powerpoint on the computer so you can use it for the presentation. I really want people there using Powerpoint. Hold on, I'll get them on the phone. So, um, I forgot to tell you that I need the car tonight. Why? Improv? Why don't you just pretend you have a car? Good practice, incase you ever do a scene where you need to pretend you have a car? The bar uses an applause meter. That is why it's so important that you all come and applaud only for my band. Scrantonicity 2. NOT Scrantonicity, which I am no longer a part of. Michael, can I count on you? Uh, Michael. That reminds me, uh, if the invitation still stands, Pam and I would love to have dinner tonight. sh**t! We only had tonight free, and we really wanted to spend it with you. Where are you going out tonight? You wouldn't understand, Jim. It's a secret. Oh my gosh. What's going on here? We're a legit operation with a license from the city I can show you. We pay minimum wage against commision--- Everybody in the conference room. In 5 minutes. I just want to remind you to stick to the script. Improving the work. So, make the call, say the lines, make the sale. Got it? Or a woman. Mose, what are you doing? No Mose! Put the--- Put the manure down! Put it down! Do not throw it! DO NOT THROW IT! Ow! [on the phone] Yes, who is this? Michael? Why are you calling me here at home? Michael, I know that's you. Why are you calling me here at home? [on the phone] When I'm at home at night in my own house in my sweats drinking some red wine watching my mystery stories, the last thing in the whole God forsaken world I want to hear is the voice of Michael Scott. [hangs up phone] My office. Just dial the number on the sheet and stick to the script. Say those words exactly, got it? I don't know why we have to keep on having this conversation. A few more minutes is a waste of our time. You give a quick pitch. You make the sale. You move on. That's how Vikram does it. Good for Vikram, because he out-sells you every night. [reading to Jim, Pam, and Mose] And Harry saw the white hand raise its wand, and felt Voldemort's surge of vicious anger. Saw the frail old man on the floor write in agony. "Harry?" It was over quickly as it had come. Harry stood shaking in the darkness, clutching the gate in the garden, his heart racing. Oh it looks like mixed masala, eggplant, and rice. Oh, and what about you? Peanut butter flavor again? Enjoy. I was a surgeon back home. Oh yeah. Well this is your home. Uhh, no. [Pam sees Mose in an outhouse] Oh my God. What century is this? Dude, you should review movies. [other co-workers agree] Really? What's it about? We'd love for you to come, Michael. All right, next time dude. You drive, I had too much wine. I didn't go. I just didn't! How was improv? Good night. Thank you Michael. Well if you concentrate and make your calls faster, yeah. Okay, Michael, why dont you start us off? Ladies and gentlemen, your boss, Michael Scott. Ahh, still lame. Okay. All right. Thank you, Ryan, for that wonderful introduction. Okay, um, today we're gonna be talking... about...PowerPoint! PowerPoint! PowerPoint! PowerPoint! Yes I forgot about Ryan's presentation. And yes, it would have been nice to do well with the first presentation he had given me. But you know what else would have been nice? Winning the lottery. Is this the first time you ever opened PowerPoint? You didn't prepare a presentation at all, did you? I'm your boss. You have another job? You can not have another job if it affects your work here. It did, all ready. How long until you actually get this presentation ready? You know what I really want? Honestly Michael, is for you to know it, so you can communicate to the people here, to your clients, to whomever. What? No, it's whomever. Obviously it's a real word, but I don't know when to use it correctly. Yeah, that sounds right. It was Ryan wanted Michael, the subject, to explain the computer system, the object. To whomever, meaning us, the indirect object. Which is the correct usage of the word. Wait! This doesn't matter. And I don't even care. Michael, you quit the other job, or you're fired here. I've never done this before. I've never quit anything in my life. So, you are filming history. Never heard of it. Are you quitting? Come back anytime, don't forget to disinfect your headset. Now that I think about it, Angela and Andy might actually make a good couple. But I couldn't do that to Dwight... or Angela... or Andy. I do gamble Michael. The mob. [shakes head no] He's not even good at his first one. Shh. Michael. Michael, are you having money problems? You heard me correctly. What's going on, why do you have a second job? Doesn't Jan have money? True, it's best to hide our money problems from women. You just put it back in your pocket. Hey cuz, heard you're having money problems. Creed Bratton has never declared bankruptcy. When Creed Bratton gets in trouble, he transfers his debt to William Charles Schneider. You don't go by Monopoly man, that game is nuts. Nobody just picks up "get out of jail free" cards, those things cost thousands. Bankruptcy, Michael, is nature's do-over. It's a fresh start, it's a clean slate. Not at all. I've always wanted to be in the witness protection program. Fresh start, no debts, no baggage. I've already got my name picked out, Lord Rupert Everton. I'm a shipping merchant who raises fancy dogs. That's the life. Hey, I just wanted you to know that you can't just say the word bankruptcy and expect anything to happen. This is a lot of credit card debt. Mmm. Okay, a hundred and twenty-five dollars, Amazon. Twelve hundred dollars. What's a Core Blaster Extreme? Okay, the green bar is what you spend every month on stuff you need, like a car and a house. The red bar is what you spend on non-essentials, like magazines, entertainment, things like that. This scary black bar is what you spend on things that no one ever, ever needs, like multiple magic sets, professional bass fishing equipment. Michael, I'm going to set you and Jan up with a debt consolidator, you meet with this guy. She has to know. Michael, this is a presentation tool. I'm done! Jan is smart. [on phone] You're broke? [on phone] I'll be right there. Alright. [throws her keys at Oscar] Michael. What's going on? Well, why are you sitting on a train? Where are you going? What does that mean? Michael, come on. Running away from your problems won't solve anything. You know that. Your creditors can follow you anywhere with ease. Your debt follows you around the world, electronically. Uh, Michael, come on, come on, you can deal with this. It's not that bad. Well, when my life fell apart and they, and they screwed me in New York, and I felt like my whole world was collapsing around me, I didn't have anyone. I mean, my whole family still won't even talk to me, on the advice of counsel, and my friends were just waiting for this to happen. Michael, no, what I want to say is you were there for me. By my side. Without even a thought. That's just who you are. I mean, no matter how badly I treat you, or what I'm going through, you just, you are there for me. And that is a guy worth staying beside. So, where's this train taking us? [takes a ruler and shoves it between his desk and Jim's, knocking Jim's files on the floor] Hello, this is Dwight Schrute calling from Dunder-Mifflin, and according to our records you appear to be low on office supplies. Okay, sure, yeah I can take care of that right now. I'm keeping them. I know you like them. They're kind of uncomfortable though. It's kind of painful and my nipples are over-sensitive now. Dancing babies! Dancing babies! I love it! I love it! Football cream. Grr! I'm taking a computer animation class so I could try to do a logo. Look at that. Even the receptionist is getting in on the creativity. Very good, very good. Hey, how ya doin'? Hey, Michael. Let's do it, man. That sounds great. All right, good, well this is what we have to work with. Hoo hoo hoo-hoo! It's true, I give a mean backrub. I also do good aromatherapy [makes farting noise]. Not! You just got 'Nard dogged! Urban? I grew up in a small town. What about me seems urban to you? Stanley is hilarious. Phyllis is like our Mrs. Butterworth. Kind of a less urban Aunt Jemima. [looking at Oscar] Mama Bear! I signed up for Second Life about a year ago. Back then my life was so great that I literally wanted a second one. In my Second Life I was also a paper salesman and I was also named Dwight. Absolutely everything was the same. Except I could fly. [sh*t of Dwight's avatar flying around] Okay I can tell that your time is valuable--- That all sounds really, really ambitious. Why don't we show you what we did with the Nashua branch? Mmm. Okay. [commercial plays on laptop, peppy music in background] That's what we came up with. Yeah, it's the last five seconds where we have some leeway. Hello? What? I told you not to call about small problems. That's good. They're creative, you're not. It's not part of your job, it's like, maybe you can cook but it doesn't mean you should start a restaurant. Okay, I'm not really interested in that right now. I'm delegating creativity to creative professionals. It's a different skills set. Look, I wasn't good at sales, right? But I'm good at managing people who do sales . Are you? I don't think you're doing such a good job here, suppressing ideas and creativity. All right, let me ask you this, tell me if you think this is creative. When I was five, I imagined that there was such a thing as a unicorn. And this is before I had even heard of one, or seen one. I just drew a picture of a horse that could fly over rainbows, and had a huge spike in its head. And I was five, five years old. Couldn't even talk yet. Okay, when should we come back? Okay I'm not going to argue with this guy. Let's go. Good luck dude. [on phone] Michael, David Wallace. What is this about dismissing the ad people? I'm on Michael. This is weird. Okay, I'll see it tomorrow. Okay. [hangs up phone] And thus, Michael Scott sealed his own destiny. In a good way. Yes. I'm excited about doing the ad, but I'm not really used to doing videos with so many people around. [gasps] Sue Grafton is at the Steamtown Mall. She's doing a book signing right now. Bye everyone. The people person's paper people. What's rap? The people person's paper people. The people person's paper people. You're on your own, Mike. [gets up and starts to walk away] You just said you hated it. [singing] Break me off a piece of that lumber tar. Snickers bar. Break me off a piece of that Grey Poupon. [crying] Well, I got in line to buy Sue Grafton's book and when it came to my turn I asked if she wanted to be in the ad and she said no thank you, but I wasn't supposed to take no for an answer. So I kept on asking and they finally threw me out of the store in front of all my friends. [sobbing] No. Ohhhhhh D! [laughing] Ohhhh D! [on phone] Yes? Certainly. [makes beeping noises] Okay, clear. They could call at any second now. [sighs] Oh God...I better call. Hey it seemed like a big h*t. Michael, that was fun. Look, for the record, a certain Scranton salesman approached me, okay? He looks like your twin. I will know. I won't need to because we'll be together playing hooky. Yeah. I don't understand why sleeping at your desk is better than you not being here. I got an offer from Utica for more money, and I'm going to take it. What? [applause] Oh, I don't think that is what's happening. I think it's because of my sales record. That could not possibly be it. You cannot take the hilarious black guy from the office. Stanley is part of what makes this branch so extraordinary. The bluesy wisdom, the sassy remarks, the crossword puzzles, the smile, those big watery red eyes. I don't know how George Bush did it when Colin Powell left, and if Utica thinks that they are going to poach Stanley, they have another thing coming. Money. Money. Money. [on phone] Hello? Michael... Listen, I- I'm- You called me. I'm pretty sure his family's coming with him. Toby's not a salesperson. Oooh. Good-bye Michael. I have Ben Nugent on the line, he is the top salesman in Utica. Hi Michael. [giggles] Everyone says Scranton branch is worse than Camden. Didn't everyone from Stanford quit, like immediately? Seriously? Found him! So what are you going to do? Did they? It's Vivaldi, for Finer Things. We just passed the exit for Corcroan. What? What? We did?Dwight and Surprise! Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. Egg dripping, blah, blah, blah. Well, gee, Jim, I don't know, I guess there's no sales call today. We're going to Utica? I'm not going to Utica right now. No. [chanting] Utica! Utica! I can't believe you guys. I'm not going to go further piss off my ex-girlfriend. He's lying. No communication with the outside world Jim. Okay. You know what? I'm just going to call a cab from here. Alright. Wait, what are you planning on doing? Oh, God. [hangs up phone] Or real b*mb. Yeah, come on, it will be so badass. No. Are you kidding me? We've been driving around with this stuff in the trunk the whole time? So the deal was, Dwight doesn't blow anything up, and I wear a costume. And a moustache. What? Okay, you know what? Why don't we play that alphabet game that you were talking about? It doesn't matter. Doesn't matter. That doesn't make sense, couldn't be. Oh my God! Hey, you're making me spray! Michael! Michael, pull over! Believe it. No, Michael. I'm not leaving the car. Guy's going by. Shh. I'm gonna miss you man, you've been like an uncle to me. Like a kind old uncle Remus. I wanna stay in touch. Well... There's a security guard coming by. Hello, we're warehouse workers. Would you like more proof? Alright, Great Scott, if you found that choking hazard poster, just head on home. Isn't that thing huge? No, that is a terrible idea, don't do this. My hip bone! Don't leave us! Okay! First of all, stop using my name. And second of all- Damn it guys! Did you say Karen? No, I'm not doing that. No, I'm not doing that! Then we will burn Utica to the ground. I... will... [gives up and walks away] We tried and we failed. Stanley, you may go. Here is a box, for your things, but I doubt that that box will be able to contain all the memories that you have of this place. Fly away sweet little bird, fly away and be free. Pam, I'm gonna need some help writing a want ad. Michael? A word? I changed my mind, I wanna keep this job. Oh, it wasn't camping, it was more of a wilderness retreat. [Michael walks in] Ryan invited me to go on his wilderness adventure retreat. It was this amazing, beautiful experience [Michael knocks on the window behind Toby from outside] Michael wasn't invited. Got it. When Michael plays the hypothetical game, I always say yes. Yeah? Oh, can't go today, 'cause I'm donating blood. Is there a limit? Well, is that it? Or? How so? What's that? Right. Not gonna change. I thought we had that looked at. I'm sick of it Jim. I'm sick of this place. When Jan and I had satellite, we used to watch a reality show called "Survivorman." And, it was interesting because it was about a guy who would go out in the middle of no where and just try not to die, try not to get eaten by an animal, or be overexposed. [winks] I'm on it. [leaves room] Let's see if any of these will work. [clears the front of Michael's desk] I keep various w*apon strategically placed around the office. I saved Jim's life with a can of pepper spray I had velcroed under my desk. People say, "Oh, it's dangerous to keep w*apon in the home or the work place." Well I say, "It's better to be hurt by someone you know accidentally, than by a stranger on purpose." Do you want me to ask where you're going? Great. Oh. Hmm, no, the choice is actually yours. Are you sure you want to do this? OK, great. Yup. no, I do not. No, I would never leave you for dead. You would never escape. I would make sure that you were dead. First, I would remove your teeth and cut off your fingertips so you could not be identified. And they would call me the Overkill k*ller. What are you doing? It would be better if you were unconscious. Do you want to do this right or not? There are thirteen people working in this office, so thirteen times a year Michael gets a cake and balloons, and some sort of joke gift and makes a toast. There are two types of toasts. One is a joke about how old you are. And the other is something inappropriate. Or horrible. Or both. What else? He only sings the high harmony to "Happy Birthday." And he's a very big believer in surprise parties. Maybe even, arguably, possibly to a fault. Ahhh!! [drops the papers she was holding] Ahhh! [runs into door and Michael laughs] We're here. [gets out of the car] Good a spot as any. [They stop and Dwight starts spinning Michael around in circles] I'm just -- Spin. I'm trying to confuse your sense of direction. [stops spinning and takes Michael's blindfold off] Behold. Here's your Kn*fe. Here's your duct tape. Good luck, Michael. You tell her it's for Creed. She'll know what that means. I lied to Michael. I said that I would leave him alone, but I will not. I will remain close by to provide unseen moral support, but I will never help him. I will let harm befall him. I will even let him die. But I will never let him lose his dignity. There we go. [standing with short sleeves and short pants] Much better. Now everything I brought with me can be used. My sport coat here, can be fashioned into a backpack of sorts [ties jacket around neck]. I'm going to wear what was once one of my pant legs. [puts pant leg on head like a hat] See, this is a beautiful piece of material [rips other pant leg in half] This could be used for all sorts of things. Mushroom caps. Michael is a man of great depth and passion. I don't know what he's searching for out here. [pulls a nest from a tree] I hope he finds it. [picks up some bird eggs] Lunch. About two more minutes [cooking bird eggs]. Nothing! Nothing going on. We're talking about nothing. C'mon g*ng. Yup, Phyllis called me Michael. And I will always and forever be haunted by that fact. Happy Birthday to you. Happy Birthday to you. Happy Birthday [Michael joins in with high note] to Creed. Happy Birthday to you. [Creed blows up candles on pie] Yeah! [everybody clapping] Alright, skip around the room. Skip around the room. We want -- OK, alright. Yeah, don't do that. You're gonna break something. Man became civilized for a reason. He decided that he liked to have warmth, and clothing, and television, and hamburgers, and to walk upright, and to have a soft futon at the end of the day. He didn't want to have to struggle to survive. I don't need the woods. I have a nice wood desk. I don't need fresh air, because I have the freshest air around, A.C. And I don't need wide open spaces. Check it out. [shows off computer screen scenery] I can also make it the sky. Hey. Sure glad you're back. You have no idea. Well, I tried to put all the birthdays together at once. So, terrible idea. You did do it? Well, I don't think I'll be here in ten years. That's what who said? That's what she said. So the figures show improvement right there, Michael. And again- [Pam walks in and shows Michael a note] Every time Michael's in a meeting, he makes me come in and give him a Post-It note telling him who's on the phone. I did it once, and he freaked out. He loved it so much. The thing is he doesn't get that many calls. So he has me make them up every 10 minutes. [laughing] You can't always work 200 days though. You have to know how to work this. There's no excuse for this. I can get you a tutor if you need- [Pam walks in and shows Michael a note with a waving, smiling Hot Dog saying "Hiya Buddy"] Oh, no, no, no, customer service is obviously priority one. You can take the call. Take the call, friend. I insist you take your work calls. I don't know, it's just, ugh, I never felt welcomed there, you know? It's such a...boys club. Good. And they displayed a pattern of disrespect and inappropriate behavior. Um, no, I want it up. My hair. Remember, it isn't just a pattern, It's a pattern of disrespect, and inappropriate behavior. Does this work for you? Uh, come on Micheal, that's tacky. Four million. No, Michael. Oh, come on. Stop saying ridiculous things. He's just gonna tell the truth, the truth is-is very...you know, complicated, so we went over it carefully, and-and just so we wouldn't leave anything up to chance or Michael's judgment. Michael, I told you, I am not putting the top down. All right, fine, just a second. Hold on. A good start. And I think it's busload. Hey Michael. Could we talk off the record? As friends? Jan... has put the company in a very tough position here. Now you've been with us for a long time. Over 10 years, right? We just want to be sure that you won't do anything to hurt us with your testimony. Do you understand? Good. That is great to hear. Hi everyone, I'm Diane Kelly. I'm the company's chief legal counsel. Toby? Michael, I'm your HR Rep. I'm on your side. You know, I think they're, uh ready for us now. So.. Mr. Scott. Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth? Mr. Scott, can you describe the circumstances of Ms. Levinson's termination? How long have you known the plaintiff? How long have you known Ms. Levinson? And you were directly under her the entire time? Excuse me? Ms. Levinson told you she was your direct superior? With all due respect, I'm in the middle of a line of questioning. Now Mr. Scott, what did you say Ms. Levinson said? Regarding your employment status with respect to her corporate position. That's what she said. Did Ms. Levinson ever say why she thought she was being fired? Can you be more specific? Who are the twins? You don't need to go any further. Her breasts. She thought it had something to do with her recent breast enhancement surgery? What about your romantic relationship with Ms. Levinson? Could that have played a part in her termination? Interesting. How so? Okay, the company has just a few clarifying questions, Mr. Scott, if that's okay with you? Um would you mind please just, uh, taking a quick look at, uh, this photograph please. [Diane hands Michael the photo of Jan and Michael in Jamaica] That is you and Ms. Levinson in Jamaica, is that correct? And that photograph was taken more than two months prior to this start of your relationship. Does that sound right? Mr. Scott, the timeline here is actually very important. Please, when did your relationship actually begin? Wait, excuse me? No, uh, are you telling me that your relationship began two years ago and not in February as you previously testified to here? All of my heroes are table tennis players. Zoran Primorac, Jan-Ove Waldner, Wang Tao, Jrg Rokopf, and of course Ashraf Helmi. I even have a life size poster of Hugo Hoyama on my wall. And the first time I left Pennsylvania was to go the hall of fame induction ceremony of Andrzej Grubba. Wait, we'd like to enter to the record a page from Michael Scott's personal journal. This is plaintiff's exhibit 107. I quote from an entry dated Janruary 4 of this past year. "Just got back from Jamaica. Tan almost everywhere. Jan almost everywhere. Hehe. Oh diary, what a week. I had sex with my boss. I don't know if it's going to go anywhere. Jan was very specific that this is not going anywhere, that it was a one time mistake. But we had sex six times so you tell me. I am definitely feeling very eerie." We're gonna need to see a copy of that entire journal before we proceed. Eleven, sure. And we'll break for lunch, so everyone can have a look. [nods] ...You know, I, uh, I know a little about what you're going through in a way. Um, when I was a kid, my parents got divorced. They both wanted custody, and they both asked me to testify against the other one in court. So, I don't know, I didn't want them getting divorced in the first place you know? I loved them both so much. I just wanted... [Michael pushes Toby's food tray off the table and walks off] I had to, I'm sorry but I need to win this. We need to win this. You keep it under my side of the mattress. Alright, I stole your diary and gave it to my lawyer. You emailed a topless photo of me to everyone in our company. Let's call it even. [looking at a copy of Michael's diary] Mr. Scott, who is this other woman, Ryan? Who you refer to her as "Just as hot as Jan, but in a different way." [laughs out loud] Excuse me. OK Mr. Scott, it's, it's admirable the way you defend a woman who is so obviously ambivalent about her relationship with you. Considering she consistently gave you such poor performance reviews. Mr. Scott, this is a copy of a particularly negative performance review. Would you mind, uh, reading the date on that please? [slides the performance review towards Michael] And that would be a month after your relationship became official, is that correct? You may read the, uh, highlighted portion out loud if you'd like to. Mr. Scott, after hearing that wouldn't you say Ms. Levinson's judgment is, at least, very seriously flawed? ...Right. Spin-serve! [serves, and Dwight scores] Michael, I am not the enemy, OK? Dunder Mifflin is the enemy. "Yes." I have one more question, Mr. Scott. Wouldn't you agree with Ms. Levinson that the company exhibits a pattern of disrespect toward its employees? Michael. I am very sorry. No, no, no, no, no. This was rough. We never meant for you to get caught in the middle of this. I'm very sorry. Yeah? Thanks, Michael. Why did I do it? I don't know. Jan said that it was because of the photo that she revealed the diary. But she already brought the diary with her to New York, so... You expect to get screwed by your company, but you never expect to get screwed by your girlfriend. How about Chinese? That was my cheap suggestion. Chinese was my cheap suggestion. Do you have any idea what time we'll get out of here? Nope I don't, remember when you told us not to make plans 'cause we're working. Thank you Michael. I think you did. Oh, I- Michael, what time should I be arriving? Hi. How are you? Chilly huh? So glad we finally got to do this with you guys. You wanna take their coats babe? Let's see, since I saw you an hour ago? I have been getting ready and then driving over here. Really? Oh well Pam, thank you, this will be great to cook with. Tour, let's do the tour first. Do you have a preference babe? Upstairs first? Oh, you guys doing a little construction? Yeah, so sorry about this God-awful carpet, we're still a work in progress here. This is my office. Not super exciting. And this is my workspace. Uh-huh. Uh-huh, Bonfire. Men love this one. So this is the master bedroom, and these walls used to like white, like an asylum. So I wanted it to be softer, So I had it painted in eggshell white. [puts away video camera facing the bed] Babe I thought you said you were going to tidy things up. What a cute bench. Really? 'cause... seems pretty narrow... and short. See, he fits perfectly. Wow. What is that chestnut? Yeah, he tried to set up my TIVO for me but then I didn't have audio for a week. It was between the neon beer sign and the Dundies so I said "Honey keep the trophies." [doorbell] Oh, excuse us just a second. [Michael tries to hug Angela] No, no. Oh, how thoughtful. You know Pam, in Spain they often don't start eating until midnight. Do you have a preference, upstairs first? Follow me. All right. Cheers. So music, should we turn some music? You took me by the hand, Made me a man, That one night, You made everything all right, So raw, so right, All night, all right, Oh yeah, Oh yeah, So raw, so right, All night, all right, Oh yeah. Why didn't you just say 49ers quarterback? No. I was watching Jim. No smiling. Oh okay. You can buy new stuff but you can't buy a new party. Michael, you're up. No no no, no names, no names, no rhyming, no soundalikes. Katie Holmes. Oh, Dawson's Creek. Another clue, another clue. Tom Cruise! Time! [Michael offers his coat to Pam, who is shivering] Oh, thank you. [eyes Pam] I'm so, so sorry for the temperature in here. The um, sliding glass door shattered. It's actually a really cute story. Do you wanna tell it babe or should I tell it? Come on, it's a cute story, Michael ran through the sliding glass doors because he thought he heard the ice cream truck! You are so right, you're so right because before I lived here, the glass was always covered in smudges, and then I moved in and I cleaned it so I guess that makes me the Devil. Mmhmm. Oh no she just put it in front of my face. I'm sorry, are you really trying to get us to invest in Jan's company? Yes, What are you doing here? We weren't invited? Fine, whatever you want, just like always, whatever you want. We saw Wicked. I am so sorry that I don't want to bring kids into this screwed-up world, okay? But look if you want to have kids, then fine you win. Let's have a [bleep]ing kid. The thought of popping one of your beets into my mouth makes me want to vomit. [whispers] Like... like what? [Michael dips his steak into his wine] Can you not do that? It's disgusting. Oops. Nevermind. That's nice. Hey babe? How about we take the beer sign down until our guests leave and then we can discuss it. Ok. [gets up and goes over to the stereo and turns on Hunter's CD really loud] At least he's an artist. [shouting] AND I'M A CANDLEMAKER BUT YOU DON'T HEAR ME BRAGGING ABOUT IT! FOR AN INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY! YOU BURN IT. YOU BUY IT! AND YOU'RE HARDLY MY FIRST! It's getting late. Not now Dwight, We got a call about a disturbance? The neighbors said they heard some shouting. You wanna press charges? Yes. She'd be charged. [puts his hand on the Officer's shoulder] Michael can come home with me. You people. [to Michael] Come on. You're sleeping with me. I'm gonna take you home Michael. [to Michael who is looking at a chair catalog] Did you pick a new chair? It's been awhile. Michael started the process of selecting a new chair about three weeks ago. And normally I wouldn't care, but he promised me his old one. It's way better. It's one of these. [makes a shrrhhh sound of a chair moving downward as Pam slumps down] I really want it. Her? The one in the really great mesh black high-back swivel chair? Or in a great chair. I definitely remember your dinner party. Actually, I put the catalog in your hands 'cause you have to pick out a new chair. What is it like being single? I like it. I like starting each day with a sense of possibility. And I'm optimistic because every day I get a little more desperate and desperate situations yield the quickest results. When Pam gets Michael's old chair, I get Pam's old chair. Then I'll have two chairs. Only one to go. Call us when you get there so we know you're OK. [Andy gets up and leaves] If I had someone to set you up with Michael, then I'd take her for myself. Nope. Stacy broke up with me. Not anymore. It's a bitter situation. Yeah... ugh. She's... [gets up and leaves] you don't deserve her. Alright. Michael? I have a friend who's single. Sandy. She's gorgeous and she's got a feisty personality, too. Umm, no, she's a professional softball player. Umm I don't know Michael. What are you asking? No, alright no, she can't fit in a row boat. Damn it, I knew it! I knew it Phyllis! OK! What is wrong with these people? I would do anything for them and they're just hanging me out to dry. I don't think that this is--- Because of the construction at W.B. Jones, half of us have to park in the satellite lot. No, thirty. Yes. ...So help us out. Michael, please he-- We won't let you down. Yeah, whatever. [Jim holds up the card] [Pam laughs] Give it to me. Give it to me. Wendy's. This isn't Wendy. Dude, this is a Wendy's restaurant. You have to come to the restaurant to order food. It's ready now. OK, I have collected the rest of the ladies. I wrote that. Michael, you shouldn't have to settle. This is my pledge to you. I will find her and I will bring her to you and as God as my witness, she shall bear your fruit. The furniture company gave me the name of the advertising agency. They gave me the name of the photographer. The photographer, a Spaniard, used a Wilkes-Barre modeling agency. The agency gave me the following information. [reads from notepad] Deborah Shoshlefski. 142 South Windsor Lane. Dead. Car accident. Case closed. She was so young and now she is dead. As dead as every dead animal who has ever d*ed. Michael, you didn't even know her. Jim, how dare you. [Jim's face is in shock] OK Michael, you know what? I might have someone for you. No, I mean it. [walks towards Michael] She's really nice and sweet and you guys might actually get along. [hands over card to Michael] I'm setting Michael up with my land lady. She's really sweet and... whatever, I just can't take Michael like this. We need to assemble the five families. The five families are the five companies of Scranton Business Park. The bosses rarely meet. There's Michael Scott, Regional Manager, Dunder Mifflin. Bob Vance, Vance Refrigeration. Paul Faust of Disaster Kits Limited. They call him "Cool Guy Paul." W.B. Jones of W.B. Jones Heating and Air. Grade A Bad Ass. And Bill Cress of Cress Tool and Dye. Bill Cress is super old and really mean. [to Andy] I'm calling the meeting anyway. Michael? Are you Michael Scott? Oh, I'm sorry, I'm, I'm supposed to be meeting someone named Michael. Michael? Michael? [reads cup] Large hot chocolate with caramel and a sh*t of peppermint. You're asking what I do with the checks that people write to me? Just making conversation. I don't know. She's beautiful. I'm gonna head out. That's incredibly rude. After Stacy left, things did not go well for awhile. And, and it was hard to see... [starts breaking up] It's just nice to win one. She's sweet and cute. I thought you'd get along. I am not kidding. [shows camera an engagement ring] Got it a week after we started dating. You know what you need? Closure. There was a woman in your life who affected you very deeply, and she left before you could say good bye. I think you need to say good bye. Did I do this for me? No, I did this for the little guy. For Joe Sixpack. The guy who wakes up every morning in his four hundred dollar a month apartment, wonders how's he gonna pay his mortgage that month. Wonders how he's gonna fill his car up with oil. Wonders how I'm gonna pay my kid's orphanage bills. That guy shouldn't have to wonder where he's gonna park. I guess you could say she d*ed of blunt force trauma and blood loss. She got in a car accident and plowed into the side of an airplane hanger. Yeah. She was stoned apparently. You wait until next year's chair catalog comes out and you find someone who's still alive. How could I have thought that? How could I have thought that? [singing] OH! You believe in rock 'n roll. Can music save your mortal soul? And then [jumbling up the words] can you have to dance real slow. Well, I know that you're in love with him. 'Cause I saw you dancing in the gym. [more jumbled words] 'You both kicked off your shoes. Those rhythm and blues... Rhythm and blues... What's wrong Michael? You do. You've got a ton of dandruff. How'd you get gum in your hair? But best case scenario, you thought it was a quarter. We have peanut butter in the kitchen. No Dwight, not the good peanut butter. People are going to get mad. Hey, hey, hey. This is my hair we're talking about. Taste good too. Wow! Lot of calories. Hey Michael, how was your date last night? [sighs] Watch your back Jim. I'm just kidding. Ok thanks Michael. Yeah I have a lot of questions. Number one, how dare you? [slow clapping] Ryan has done a very good job, and I am not applauding sarcastically. Think about it, a month ago nobody would go on this site because we were worried about getting molested, or losing our identity, having it stolen. But now, at a time TDB, all of the problems will be in the past. Ya done good kid, ya done good. You too. Michael let me go. Let me go Michael. Na. Sorry man. But seriously, you should see the girls I meet at clubs in the city. Unreal. Bye everyone. Stay real Scranton, alright. Peace. What? I'm gonna go to my desk. I know. I can't. I'm not single. Pam. That's still going on? No, singles only, singles only. Also three is unlucky. Curse of three. We get it. [laughs] With sex! So I caught everyone before they left and I told them my idea, and they loved it. Because this is a group that respects good ideas... the one time a year they hear one. Ryan's assistant told us that he would be at this club this evening. It is called Prerogative. f*re hazard. Women look like white slaves. I don't know man, when you think about it, Cabo's really the third world. I don't go to a place like that to see more poverty you know. You go there to get some glamour. Michael. What are you doing here? That is so awesome man! And you brought this guy! Aww! I know it's you guys. I'm so psyched you're here! Woooo! Let's get a drink. Guys, I want you to meet a really good friend of mine, this is Troy. Bottle service ya'll? We don't serve food here. Phyllis. I've never heard of that movie. How old are you? Wow. That's so cool. Well I'm gonna go back to my group now. Thanks for the drink. You are welcome. Did you want a place where we could meet older women? Hell yeah. I'll hook it up. [smashes beer bottle on the floor] [to Dwight, Michael and Troy] It's off. It's not the dude I know. It's some other loser who won't let us in without chicks. It's not safe. Anything could have been in there. [to girls] Nice try. That's one aspect of small pet grooming. What do you do? I am a bank teller. Cool. Yeah. I'm just gonna just use the powder room. So I'll see ya soon. Very perfect. [girl walks away, Michael laughs] Oh my [notices Dwight making out with Tall Girl #1] This needs to be shared. [takes a picture with his camera phone] [Cut to the office - All Office co-workers cell phones go off. They notice the picture Michael has sent and all groan] You're doing it man. Hey man, you ever think there's gonna be this massive nuclear holocaust, and after all the major nations are destroyed they'll just be the tribes in the jungle that rise up and survive? The jungle w*r fare's gonna rule the world? It's inevitable, right? Will do. [hangs up] I'll stop calling. More like "Everyone let's get your boss laid Saturday." [more laughs] [Toby puts his hand on Pam's knee, everyone stares, Toby removes his hand] I have an announcement uh, to make. I am moving to Costa Rica. Thought about it for a long time now. And I'm finally gonna do it. So, I'm just gonna hop the fence and jog home now. [runs out of lobby and climbs the fence and jogs away] Why wouldn't they let me dance? OK I gotta go. Do not take him to a hospital. [runs away] Uh huh. [to Ryan and Michael] I'm not gonna call her. I don't wanna go back in. Wow. All right. Nice. I got sofa. I got sofa. I got floor. No. [Dwight starts singing in German] It's a lullaby. I think his species might have a higher tolerance than ours. OK. Good night Ryan. Best night ever. Michael we don't know what you're talking about... Michael you could put your initials in it. Yeah that's true. We-- we-- Well-- When I was a little girl... We-we found some wet cement in the park... In our neighborhood... What did we write? Here it is, you should draw a picture... Cause that says, that says... So much more than words... Ok, ok, I was watching E!, and I saw Will Smith outside the Chinese Theater, and omhmygod, he looked so good... She's talking about the handprints that celebrities make in the cement. If you were a real star you would put your face in it. Michael that doesn't seem... safe. We are here today, not to immortalize a man, but an idea... Maybe the idea of a man. And... go. [Michael sticks his face in the cement] Force it in as deep as you can. [muffled] That's what she said. [wearing glasses] Um... yeah, I slept over at a, uh, friend's house and, I forgot my contact solution, so... I had to wear my backup glasses... Shut up. I don't have my contacts... Ub, dub dah, don't need, I can't even hear you. It's just noise coming out of an ugly scientist. Um, everybody, we're going to have a little brainstorming session in the conference room. Well, it's too late, because I'm proposing... that you get me a cup of coffee, which would energize me greatly, and make me the happiest man in the world. What if we changed our outgoing answering machine message, so it just had a little more... zing, and a little more pep? What about if we did an even newer voicemail message that had even more zing and pep? An urban thing... Not me. No. Leave me alone, dammit. DID I STUTTER? Can I talk to you a second? Uh, I really think that you need to address what happened with Stanley this morning... Well, you know, Stanley was openly insubordinate. Yeah. He didn't seem like he was joking. Alright... Well, um, if you really believe that Stanley was joking... Um, why don't you go ask him that? You know, Michael, sometimes my daughter's stomach hurts when there's a mean girl at school... What. What are you talking about? Jim is in charge of Stanley only in sales-related matters, hence the green line--green for money-sales, get it? There is this yellow zigzag that does give Ryan the authority to discipline Stanley... However, in so doing, it zigs past your name, hence zagging you and making you appear weak. Thus the yellow color. Yellow for cowardly. Menstrual cycles. You. Well, there is the emergency disaster mode for the org chart. This gives me full authority over every single person in the office. All you have to do it say it. Just say it. Say it. Just do it. Don't think, say it. Do it. Five, four, three, two... do it. Give me control. Michael... I promise to give authority back to you when this crisis is over. Do it, Michael. Do it. Hey, this office needs a strong man. Say it. Mike. I'm very busy here, man. Why? No, no, no... No, um... I have. Both. Yeah them, and the Latin Kings... the Warriors... Newsies. Oh my goodness. Well see, um... in the g*ng world, we use something called Fluffy Fingers. That's when somebody really gets in your face, you know, you just... start tickling them. Yeah, and then he starts tickling you. You know, pretty soon you're laughing and hugging. Before you know it, you've forgotten the whole thing. Ya'll can just go to church together... get an ice cream cone. a stupid, idiotic, numbskull named Andy Bernard sold his Xterra to a smart and capable man named Dwight. This is shaping up to be an awesome day for Dwight. What does that mean? That's not a good idea. Well, you can actually f*re him. Why are you telling us this? Michael, if you hadn't told us this, then we would've thought that you were actually f*ring him. I'm not f*ring him. I'm not, I need you to act like I am f*ring him. Just, what I'm going to do, is I'm going to pretend that I am f*ring him, and I need you to act like I am f*ring him. Do you get that? Do you get it? I'm teaching him a lesson. He needs to learn humility, alright? That's all I'm, okay, here he comes. Let's just... play act. [Stanley enters the room] Stanley, may I talk to you for a second? Are you serious? You're f*ring me over three words. Have you lost your mind? Do you think I'm gonna let you do this to me? I've watched you screw up this office for ten years, and I'm filing a lawsuit, and I'm gonna tell them about every stupid thing you've ever done up in this office. So I'm not fired. Oh yes, I do. You are out of your damn, little pea-sized, mind. What is wrong with you? Do you have any sense? At all? Do you have any idea how to run an office? Every day you do something stupider than you did the day before. And I think, "there's no possible way-- He can top that." But what do you do?! You find a way, dammit, to top it! You are professional idiot! Who? [chuckling] It's Michael versus Stanley, and it is the clash of the titans. In one corner, you have Michael, and he is mad. And then, in the other corner, you have Stanley, and he's mad. So that's about it! Oh, for the love of God. you are a person I do not respect. The things you say, your actions, your methods, and style. Everything you would do, I would do it the opposite way. Michael I have known you a very long time, and the more I've gotten to know you, the less I've come to respect you. Any other theories? Fair enough. I am good person, and sometimes, good people don't get no respect. Rodney Dangerfield. [as Rodney Dangerfield] Hey, I don't get no respect. No respect at all. When I was in the sandbox as a kid, I got not respect. My wife likes to talk after sex, so she called me from a hotel room, and said, "I don't respect you!" Ahh, thoughtless. Aw, you know what don't get no respect? Airplane food. Why don't they just make the plane out of the airline food? My wife don't get no respect, some--take her, please, for example. [as Jeff Foxworthy] If you don't get no respect, you might be redneck. [as Borat] Respect is niiice. Borat. [as Rodney Dangerfield] What's the deal with Grapenuts? No grapes, no nuts. I don't get no respect! That's the dumbest thing I ever heard. [laughs] Yes. [small fist-pumps from both Pam and Oscar.] Yeah, I'm pretty excited too. Hey, are we doing this thing? Oh my God, Darryl, you look like Barack Obama. Everybody I'm dating Barack Obama! [in a dress shirt and tie] Like what? [simultaneously] Thank you. What college did you go to Mike? So many memories in this old gym. Pretending I have PMS so I didn't have to play volleyball, pretending I have PMS so I didn't have to play basketball. Those were the days! [holds up single sheet of paper] Um, that's all we brought. We'll see. [laughs] Yeah, and uh, you basically learn how an office runs. This is Michael, my boss. [she points] Justin. He's nice and he seems interested. Hi. Sorry for wasting your time. I only brought the one. Michael, do you remember, you specifically told me to only bring one sheet of paper? You said it only takes one sheet to make a difference. And I said, "Are you sure Michael?" And you said "Pam! Pam! Pam!" And then you sneezed in my tea, and then you said, "Don't worry, it's just allergies." Do you remember that? Okay. I'll go look for another one. [she leaves] So I guess I'll just... work on my short game. What is this company? Thanks. [walks away] Dammit, Oscar! My old art room. [finds a sheet of blank paper] Oh, maybe it's still here! [looks for her painting] No. No they must have taken it down. Never mind. Michael, I know you're swamped. I just thought you should know that everyone in the office has left, except for Angela and I. Do not worry though, I have taken down their names, and I have docked them a personal day. So... what else is up? [Michael hangs up] Mich- A piece of paper. Well I think they'll get the spirit of it. Are you serious? [hums at copier, Angela waiting behind him] All of these jobs? Suck. I would rather live jobless, on a beach somewhere, off the money from a large inheritance, than to have to work in any one of these crap-holes. They suck. Hey! [walks up to Oscar and Darryl tossing basketballs, grabs Oscar's ball] Game over. [kicks the ball up to the gymnasium ceiling] Hi. Polznik. This... just in. Justin Polznik! Huh? Justin is the ugly girl in the movie, who takes off her glasses and she's hot! And you realize she was always hot, she was just wearing glasses. And that you were the blind one. He's the most... important thing in my life right now. Hi. Excuse me. Why, why wouldn't you say that to her face? You didn't want me before. That's what you said. You were kind of a jerk to me. And I'm, I'm gonna go now. The job fair will be closing in five minutes. Eighth period will commence as scheduled. Oooh! [Kevin and Andy add suggestive "bow-chicka-wow-wow" vocals] Today I did something stupid. I questioned myself. And I will never do that again. Because I look at somebody like Jim Halpert and I think, that guy can do anything he wants to do. He could do anything, and he chooses to work here, selling paper. Just like me. [slams cell phone on desk] Argh! Ahh!! Morning. I feel weird. We have a buttercream cake and a slideshow of Toby. But so far we only have two pictures of him. Do you mean, leaves as in dies? You want us to throw Toby a New Orleans' funeral? Michael... No. You know-no! You always do this! We have a nice, modest party planned, and then you come in and demand the world. Let me be clear. There is simply no money for anything other than a cake and to develop a few more slides... although Toby won't be in them. I thought that you might say that. [takes off his shoe; hums; takes out cash from shoe] Every year, my sweet, sweet grandmother sends me a check on my birthday for fifty dollars. And lately, she has been sending me, like nine or ten checks a year... uh, as Nana starts to... but, I knew I should be saving it for something, I just didn't know what I should be saving it for. And then I had an awakening. "Michael, buy a motorcycle." So I put the money in my shoe, and then I forgot about it until now. No! No! You know what? This is not a party-planning committee anymore! And I don't want your foot money, and I feel uncomfortable participating. I want to introduce you to... So what do we know about her? I hate her too. Because she... stinks... with her... ways... and her... head. Would that be such a bad thing? What? But our, our elevator doesn't require a pa... [gasps] Okay. Hey Michael. I'd like to introduce you to my replacement. Come on. Hi. Man, someone doesn't like H.R. Nothing. Yeah, I know what you mean. I nearly fell asleep when he gave me a tour of the files. Um, well look, I'll let you get back to work, but I-I really look forward to working with you, Mr. Scott. Y-You can-Michael. Yeah. Oh... [laughs along] Nice, I've never heard that one before actually. That's good. No, no, I... Ooh, uh... Um... Y-yeah. Okay. Thanks. Hello? That's not it. Yeah. Close. Mmhmm. What are the two levels? Mmhmm. Okay. Let's start with the "I love you" level. Yes. You don't love Holly. But you just met her. Oh, okay, it doesn't work like that. Actually, I think I am. And I have a little bit of experience in office romance. Yeah. We've been through this. Yes, we are still dating. And guess what? I took it slow. Well, we're really happy. And that's really sweet. And you can think that. But you don't say that out loud, and you definitely don't say it to her. [tool clicking] Damn it! Oh, I'm trying to adjust the lumbar support on Toby's chair and... that made this up/down lever thing not work, and then I took the whole chair apart, and that... is the story of me on the floor. It's pretty good, right? You know, I'm gonna sell the movie rights. Yoga. [as Yoda] Pass curvy metal piece, you will. Ohh, so you can't make my orgy? Kidding! [overdramatically] Acting! [laughs] Lovitz. Yeah. What'd you do? Wow. Okay, so how'd that feel? Oh, I'm so glad you didn't. There you go. There's plenty of base-laying left, right?... Hey. Hey! [Michael and Holly are still working on the chair] What'd you guys do? Well, we still have to do the exit interview. Yes we do. [Michael hands him a present] Wow, thanks, Michael, I... [enters conference room] Hello. You too. Yeah, I know, that's why I'm here. No, no, I'll look at it later. It's part of my job. Okay. I'm Toby. Um, I-I brought the binder. Do you wanna take a little look? Here you go. This place, um... I've got some ideas, I guess... Well let me see... I would, uh... Toby, why don't you open your present? [unwraps present; present is a rock with a Post-It note rubber-banded to it; reads] "Suck on this." Michael... You did. You made me wrap it. I thought it was over the line. I just- [Michael slams conference room door in his face] So what is your gift? What is it? Your watch? I just knew. Oh that is so sweet. Thanks, I'm gonna set it to Costa Rica time. once as office sales, once as website sales. Which is what we refer to in the business as "misleading the shareholders." Another good term is "fraud." The real crime, I think, was the beard. Michael, are you okay? Oh, of course you are. No, hey. Stop. You can let yourself be upset. He's your friend. You know what I usually find?... Kevin, take your shoes off first! Sorry, Michael, I don't think they're real. Oh, it was a pretty good company, but I just couldn't see a future there. They kept hiring from the outside. It was easy to get in but impossible to rise up. I think it's really cool you hired Kevin. Okay, here we go. Here we go. [Mose carries a raccoon in a cage] Put it in. [he puts the raccoon in the car] That-That's my car. [Mose drops cage and runs] Mose! N-nothing you need to know the details of. N-no there's not. It was playful hazing. It's not rabid. Get it out. Come on, get it out. Get it out. Michael, thank you so much for saying that. [puts a hand on his arm] I feel so welcome here. I just... Um, excuse me. Bye. Kevin, I'm really proud of you. [everyone applauds] Yay, Phyllis! Song parody writer. Classic. I like that one. Yeah. [music starts] I'm gonna to miss Toby. He has a nice, calming presence in the office. Don't tell him I said this, but I always thought he was kinda cute. Not bad. Someday I would love to hear "Beers in Heaven." Yeah, Michael, I'm at Gerrity's. You have to come down here. No, I-I brought my money. Michael, there's something that you need to see. Is he okay? Yeah well, the party, driving to the supermarket... it's a big day for him. Yeah, so... Hello... Michael. I think you kids have a lot to catch up on. Yeah. Thanks, Kevin. Um... [Kevin walks away, revealing Jan's pregnant belly] No. Uh, no. I didn't... ... touch that. Why? Yeah, it did... ... happen when... ... we were together. That's true. And-but, you... are not... uh, you're not the dad. ...Not to. No, I did not. I did not cheat on you. I did not. Yeah. I went to a sperm bank. Yuh-huh. Uh, yeah. I know. No, no no... it's not just any sperm bank. I mean, it's really... this is a really, really great place. It's amazing, actually. I'm gonna bring you the catalogue. You should look through it. It's... and it's-in fact, it's right next to that little breakfast place that you like in the city where you can draw on the tables. Oh, that's really good. I feel so much better. I just needed to get all that out onto the table. Look, I don't know what you're gonna be doing tomorrow, but I have my Lamaze class in Allentown, and um... you could come. I usually, you know, use a foam noodle instead of a partner... Okay. Hey there. So you missed something really big. Yeah, Andy proposed to one of your accountants. I'm not so specific as I can be on my first day, but... So... You know, somehow after all those ribs, I'm still really hungry. I don't know, I was thinking of maybe going off-campus somewhere, getting some dessert, or... Okay. Okay. Good night. Yeah, it was a good day. I mean, first days are always the hardest, right? Well, I should go. [Kevin is waiting in the car] I gotta buckle him in. Thanks... [Hank is standing next to Michael] Really, Michael? It's not. I don't think he's gonna take anything. [watch that Michael gave him beeps] Oh, some kind of... alarm. Okay. From this point forward, you will not use the bathroom. We need to keep our starting weights high so we can lose more. [sprays food with bug poison] There. Take those home to your wife. Ex-squeeze me. No, I will ex-squeeze you. Wait a minute. Pam is on the scale. And arch your back. And slowly bring up your head. [Michael and Holly face each other in yoga pose] Ah, they moved the shower. No, I didn't. [Michael laughs] You know why? Because most of the time, friends don't talk about other friends' butts. But what have you learned about her? Nice. Well, I tried. [Michael laughs] I'll just go later. No, no. I have a fiance I very much like! What happened? I should really get going. I'm sure it was really lovely. Bye. Why haven't I proposed yet? Uh, actually Pam and I talked about it. And we just decided that, um -- well, we didn't want to spend first three months of our engagement apart. And Pam's always said she doesn't want a long engagement. Something in her past, I guess. I'm not really sure of the whole story, but something about a guy who used to work here... It doesn't matter, Michael. Oh, fancy meeting you here. OK, everybody smile. Ho! You lost 31 pounds. I can't believe I'm saying this, but Michael is actually k*lling it with Holly. And I think I know why. It's because Holly is kind of a major dork. Oh, they found her? OK, can you turn the girl off please? I'm trying to get some work done. Can you put me down I'm getting a little nauseous? The nerve. They're on the supply shelf. New York is so exciting. I love my classes. The city's awesome. Um, can you give me back to Jim now, please? 2,184 pounds, for a grand total -- oh! You all gained five pounds back. Come on, Bernard. [Andy spits on floor as warehouse worker walks past] Yes, I've replaced Angela as head of the party planning committee. [footage of Dwight and Angela making out] I guess I was just in the right place at the right time. It's going well. I have a crazy idea. What if we did, um, fruit instead of cake? We lost weight today. I think it's OK to reward ourselves once in a while. Are you kidding me? We only lost one pound, Phyllis. What is wrong with these people? They have no willpower. I went -- I once went 28 years without having sex. And then again for seven years. Fright. Being scared to death. Obesity-caused illnesses. I would like to lose 65 pounds. No. My doctor wants me to gain weight. Cryogenics. Beer me five. All right, I'm taking off. Nope, just going to see Pam. Maybe put up some shelves. OK, thank you for ... this. Oh, that's so rude of me. Have you seen, um, Pam's new art? It's right there. Check it out. [closes door] That's so lame they didn't invite us. Yeah! Hey, could I have a rain check on the mini-golf. I, uh, actually have a date tonight. It'll probably be a total disaster, but... Not that guy who m*rder his mother. He was not so handsome. Also Kevin. Really? Oh, that's sweet. Wish me luck. Good luck. Party's over. You are so busted! You said fruit, Michael. Cake. [walks in the office] How's my favorite branch doing? [no one talks, everyone stares at Ryan] All right [sits at reception]. And you got a goatee! Did you get that after you helped me move and you saw mine? Well you lost zero pounds. [everyone grumbles] No change. On the bright side you gained zero pounds. Eight point five. I got a red wine stain on my favorite shirt. But he's cute, right? What's wrong? [struggling to speak] Mmm--- mmm... Um... Nope. Mmm. Dieting's only half of it. And exercise. Although I know everybody loves going to the gym. "...or that Dunder Mifflin does not discriminate. Nor does it condone unhealthy dieting habits or extreme weight loss strategies. As was clearly stated in the official starting---" Fair question. I say, I say, I say, I say down Holly! I'll take it from here. I am beautiful. [hangs pictures of fat people on the wall, including two fat people on a bike, the Ghostbusters Marshmallow Man, Elvis, Martin Lawrence in Big Mamma's House, Jabba the Hutt, and a fat pig] They are beautiful. He is beautiful. This big fat pig is beautiful. It's my sumo suit. I just didn't inflate it all the way. I am so glad that I bought instead of rented. See, you're always saying there's something wrong with society, but... maybe there's something wrong with you. Because you're kind of doing Michael Clump. Because it's your making-fun-of-fat-people character. No, no, no, it goes, it goes... look, "I say, I say, I say, I'll sit on you!" Vamping. Eh, I've been sitting all day. I did. Sorry. She should thank me. Why should I have to thank him? [exhales] I apologize for creating a ruse which forced you to exercise. I like her nails. I like her purple dress. I wonder what people like about me? ... Probably my jugs. I hate dieting, I hate it so much. I hate this worm inside of me! Summers going great. Just spent two hours listening to Michael Clump. I have a weird pain in my left side that I'm convinced is an ulcer. My girlfriend lives in New York and I haven't seen her in 10 days. How's your summer? Oh... He'll call. You guys lost four pounds. We better. [holds up an ASCII image of Dwight] I just got off... Kendall? I just got off... And you know what? I even got two tickets to see the Counting Crows tonight as a surprise. Why do guys not call when they say they are gonna call? Thanks. That's sweet. Anyways, umm, seems like we lost to Utica by only eight pounds. Well, at least everyone lost weight. That's all that really matters. Andy Bernard does not lose contests. He wins them... or he quits them because they are unfair. Nope. Hey, Michael. I just scheduled lunch with a client so I might be back a little late. I'm calling it. I guess that's curtains for the yoga guy. Yeah. Yeah? Aww man, I really wanted to see them. Look at where my seats were. Yeah. Michael, you don't have to buy them. Ok. Yeah. Yeah. Hey Dwight. Dripping on me. Two thousand one hundred seventy-five. [everyone moans] Sorry guys. Wow. The tall guy got engaged. Let's get ethical! Ethical! I wanna get ethical! Let's get into Ethics yeah! Let me hear that Dunder Mifflin talk! Your body talk. Let me hear your body talk. WOO! Alright! "Why are you helping her? You're not even dating." She's my friend... and... ultimately my strategy is to merge this into a relationship... without her even knowing. Uh... Ok, elephant in the room. Let's talk about it. Do I regret what I did? Of course I do. Even though it was an amazing ride, and I'll give you an example. Anyone see Survivor season six? [Dwight raises his hand] Anyone know Joanna on that show? [Dwight nods] In New York City, I hooked up with a girl who looked exactly like that. Indistinguishable. So... Corporate would like to emphasize that ideally you would all totally agree with that statement. Yes. Stealing office supplies is another big ethical area that there seems to be some confusion about. Michael. What should we be working on while you guys are talking? Well, I just have to get through the binder. Ok. [to everyone] Michael makes a really good point so, uh, let's just open this up a little bit. Say my name is Lauren and here I am shopping in a supermarket and I steal a pencil. That's not right. No that's... not how it works. Ok, but we should get back to business. Have any of you ever faced any ethical dilemmas in the workplace. Pass. What was the dilemma? Oh--- no no no. Ok, once in a while I'll take a long lunch. Never! Sometimes I download pirated music onto my work computer. No--- I, I'd like to hear more about that. I once reported Oscar to the INS. Turns out he's clean, but I'm glad I did it. I'll go. Have you guys ever met Bruce Meyers, the Scranton rep for Hammermill? Jackpot. Exchange of steak. Have you ever had sirloin steak, honey? Michael, there is some serious issues with Meredith. Liaisons, you mean meet-ups? I don't know, once a month for six years. Something like that. Am I in trouble here or something? [stops the watch] One second. It's Mike-raculous. Sounds good. Oh I already bought this... So, I've gone over corporate policy. Oh, it's very nice. Mmm. In Summer. Maybe we should talk about Meredith first. Ok, so I have gone over this and I have thought about it and I just don't think there is any way I can write a report that doesn't end with her being terminated. I'm from da future. Really? That doesn't sound right. Well, that's very sweet but we have to follow the protocol. Those are the rules. We punish her? I don't think we could enforce that. A chastity belt. 32 he peed, and I know that because he did it in an open soda bottle under the desk while filling out expense reports. And on the flip side, I have been so busy watching him that I haven't even started work. It's exhausting, being this vigilant. I'll probably have to go home early today. No, you are saying that we should sweep it under the carpet, accept the discount on supplies, not f*re Meredith and pretend like the whole thing never happened. What am I saying? I'm saying that her behavior is unethical and a little icky and I don't think I want to work in an environment where that sort of conduct is tolerated. It's not a family. It's a workplace. Kendall from corporate HR is on line one and Holly is on her way in too. Two HR reps. Can I sit? Yes, that came out during the ethics seminar. Good. Don't sign anything. It's a quarter to five and I have started to gather my things. Am I getting fired? [looking pregnant] Hey Michael? Contractions are coming every ten minutes. My cervix is ripening. Michael! My water's breaking! Aaaaaaaa! What do you do? What do you do? Right. Highways or surface roads? No, Gibson is covered in potholes. Your car breaks down. Adapt! It's about adapting to the circumstances. No. OK, no. I'm crowning! I'm crowning! Aaaaaaaa! [runs into Michael's office] The pressure! The pressure! Aaaaaaaa! Babies are one of my many areas of expertise. Growing up, I performed my own circumcision. [lying on Michael's desk] Hold me! Cradle my head! I'm screaming, I'm screaming, I'm screaming! Aaaaaaaa! Numb me up. I want anesthesia! No! I don't want natural! OK! Aaaaaaaa! Do you have the Sharpie?! Do you have the Sharpie?! OK! When the baby emerges, mark it secretly in a kind of a mark that only you could recognize and no baby snatcher can ever copy. Ready?! Aaaaaaaa! Butter. Newborns are slippery. Nice touch. Good. Let's try that again. [eating the watermelon] It is going to be the happiest day of my life. [Dwight gets dressed behind Michael and zips his fly] No. Michael wrote down "Astird." Ass...turd. I know. I know. It is beautiful. No. Thank you. Is this it? I mean, is this... Two bowls of M&Ms and some balloons? You know what Phyllis, I think you need to step it up. I think you need to get the lead out. Because if I'm not mistaken, we gave you your wedding shower here. We all came into this room and gave you a golden shower. Well you know what, where's my golden shower, Phyllis? I do enjoy being the head of the Party Planning Committee. I'm no longer under Angela's heel, and her little grape head is under mine. Sorry. That's mean, come on, that's - [Angela storms out] Ahoy. Good. Jan had the baby and Michael wasn't there to mark it. So the baby could be anybody's. Except Michael's. Astrid. Well, um, you know, labor just kind of started very suddenly and- And the birth instructor thought it wasn't a good idea for you to be there, so... OK, you don't have any idea what I've been through, so, let's... I'm sorry, I thought today at the baby shower would be a good time for the two of you to meet. Yes, yes you can. You know, I think, just leave her in the car seat. Yeah. [cradling the car seat awkwardly] All right, OK. I love babies. I think they are beautiful in all sorts of different ways. I try to pick up and hold a baby every day, if possible, because it nourishes me. It feeds my soul. Babies are drawn to me, and I think it's because they see me as one of them. But cooler, and with my life put together a little bit. If a baby were president, there would be no taxes, there would be no w*r. There would be no government, and things could get terrible. It actually, probably - it would be a better screenplay idea than a serious suggestion. trid. Well... Michael, Michael, Michael, that's... yeah... that's too high. I'll take that. You OK? You seem kind of... [sees Jan sizing up Holly] I'm fine, weirdo. Such an HR weirdo. Try not to suck all the air out of there when you walk in. Michael, the baby's already been born. So we had games planned but the baby ruins all of them. OK... Who wants to guess when the baby will be born? Thank you. That's very sweet of you. Um, we all chipped in and got you this stroller. Thank you. Huh. Twelve hundred dollars for a stroller? Phhhbt. And after the birth you get out and deliver the afterbirth. [everyone starts leaving] Hey! Hey, no no no no no no no no. No. No. This is the birth story. It was beautiful. It was beautiful. This is a once-in-a-lifetime experience. And I should have been there. I should have been there to witness this. You're sad about this. I know that, and I wish that I... but... would it help if you held Astrid for just a, a little bit? All right. Um, I'm just going to lie down for a couple of minutes. I'm exhausted, so um. Remind me to talk to you about Astrid's 529. Wake me in twenty. [voiceover] I usually love babies, but when I held Astrid I just felt... shortchanged. Phyllis? Could you take-. What's up, Mike? You a baby daddy? Hell yeah. You know why? Because that was my baby. You should stop calling yourself "baby daddy." Because you're not a daddy, and it's not your baby. You feel connected to his baby over there? You feel connected to this? [hold up his back brace] You want to hold me, to see how you feel? Michael, I need your help. I like to call this... the bumper test. [drags the stroller behind his car and runs into it several times] Oh, no, Michael, you know what? I really have to go. OK. You know what? There is, uh, there is one more thing that you can do for me. Don't date Holly. Thanks for the baby shower. It was great. And I'll see you... soon. You still gonna be mean to me? Yes. Paaam-o-laaaaaa... Miss ya kiddo. Miss you... so much. Hello. Yeah, it was nice. Oh, that would be great. You need that. Yeah. Yeah. It would help. [to camera] No, he didn't. Um, tonight, I'm free tonight. Is that too eager? [laughs] I don't care, free tonight. [gasps] Oh, I just remembered, I can't tonight. I'm going out with you. [shakes head] No more. No more. Thank you, you too. You're welcome. Oh, the mall could be fun. We could go to the food court and get different foods. You could get Chicken Teriyaki. I could get a hot dog. ...Hell yeah. Yeah, that's good. [playing cards] It's time to go. [walking out of the building] Oh, I forgot my keys. Yeah, lets go grab them. Oh, after vous. [walking into the girls bathroom] I didn't forget my keys, I just didn't want to make out with you in front of the cameras. Do you think they can hear us? Oh, good. Oscar, I'm now going to be prone to surges. Can I talk to you for a second? That wasn't us, right? I mean... you remembered to lock the doors? Michael I think this is our fault. Oh... Oh my God! Nobody steals from Creed Bratton and gets away with it. The last person to do this disappeared. His name? [whispering] Creed Bratton. We're gonna make everything all right. Alright? Conference room, 15 minutes. Half an hour. Alright? I think it's a fun idea. We could auction off things we do for each other like cleaning or tennis lessons. My sorority did it all the time. Move on, Michael. So, in order to recoup the value of items we liked, we have to spend more money on things we don't want. Who would ever come to this? Do you need us for any of this? Michael scored the big ticket item. Springsteen tickets! The boss scored the boss. He knows how to get things. He got me. [giggles] Sorry. Mm-hmm. I heard you. [quickly walks away] Mike gave me a list of his top ten Springsteen songs. Three of them were Huey Lewis and the News. One was Tracy Chapman, Fast Car. And my personal favorite, Short People. It's the only gavel I could find. Hey Mike, do my thing. Sold! To Jim. Hi, I'm Kevin. And I'll do your taxes. Federal and State. Fine. [throws down microphone, knocks down microphone stand] [playing blues on a guitar] Me and the blues. It's me and the blues. [Dwight looks at his watch, then at Angela, who looks away from Dwight towards Andy] Hey. 100 dollars. Oh dear. 160. When are you getting to Bruce? [chanting] Bruce! Bruce! Bruce! Do you want us to look for 'em? I have my hug. I'll bid on a hug. 200. 300. 300 and one penny. 325. 350. 350 and one penny. 400. 400 and one penny. 500. 500 and one penny. 700. 700 and one penny. Eh, it's not worth it. [driving, sighs, laughs] No. you know what? No. Because... I'm not that guy. And [laughs] we are not that couple. [turns around] [dressed as the Joker] Hm mm mm mm. Want to see a magic trick? Heh heh heh! I'm gonna make a pencil disapp-- oh! [elevator doors close, reopen.] Disappear. Oh, look at all this stuff! It's only seven hours. Michael is taking a personal day to move me up. Breaker one-nine, copy? Hey! Do Not Touch My Radio. Kidding. It's been a weird week since we found out I had to transfer. Michael wanted me to quit and get some job here in Scranton, and I said "Well, why don't you quit and get some job in Nashua?" And he said "I asked you first." And I said "First!" at the same time he did. And then I said "Jinx." And then we never talked about it again and haven't been back to the conversation. So... Oh, I'll walk you out. Ah, you are quite the gentleman. I have to unpack this weekend but maybe next weekend we go to the outlets! Mike you'll drive this every weekend? Yeah it did look shorter on the map- You were sleeping? You were talking before. Not really. We're only halfway? There's nothing out here man. Yeah. I don't know I just- I imagined a hotel right here. Pool, over here. Really good breakfast place. With really good bacon. No. No. No, Darryl did not touch me. Can we just keep going, please? [crying] It's not gonna work. There's too much distance. And I like you too. I've dated four guys last year too. Oh. Michael. Don't. Don't. Don't make it harder than it has to be. That's what she said. If you leave on Friday, by five, you'll be rolling in at... midnight? At best? And then sleep in Saturday. That only leaves us less than 24 hours before you have to go back again. Oh. Well- How long could we keep that up? Years? Years? Of just a few hours every weekend? [kisses his temple] Thank you. Yup! [Tom and Pete give Halpertian looks to camera] I do, I think so. [leaving someone a message on his cell phone, looking very uncomfortable] Hey what's up, I just thought I'd try you. I was thinking about that story where you ran into the girl you used to babysit. Please call me back. You will. This is the last of it. You're not staying? But you want me to put it back in the truck. I'll be down in just a second. [into house] Holly? I know it's hard Mike. Break-ups hurt. Looked like it. Sometimes when I'm down like this, it helps to sing the blues. [bluesy] Da na na na na... da na na na na... Da na na na na. No, no, check it out, look. Da na na na na... want to do that? That's when you h*t me with what's getting you down, okay? Da na na na na. Da na na na na. No, wait. You're, you're supposed to... Never mind. Da na na na na. Da na na na na. Da na na na na!! Da na na na na . Yeah! Da na na na na. YEAH! Da na na na na. I heard someone got engaged, you dog, huh? [punches Michael's shoulder] double wedding. Me, Angela, you, Holly. Yeah, we'd never do that. [enters Michael's office] Michael, I got my bridesmaid dress. Michael, did you tell your mom yet? Call your mom, Michael. [everyone talking] [chanting and clapping] Call her! Call her! [punches button] Speakerphone! [on speakerphone] Hello? No, you're not. Well, are you getting married? Are you-- [Michael ends call] So I returned my bridesmaid dress, and it was on sale, so I'm out $100. Jim, Dwight, Phyllis, Stanley, Andy and -- oh. Oh, it's the receipt to my bridesmaid dress. What's that doing there? [hands stack of papers to Michael] I'll take care of that for you. [crumples receipt and throws it in trash] Thanks. I should go. Bring it on. [starts to put foot up on Michael's desk] Sorry. What does it say? That's impossible. I sell more paper than anyone. [stands and reaches for the file] Wait, is this a joke? I'm getting that queasy feeling that sometimes accompanies jokes. No, but that's sometimes part of it. Impossible to say. I can't see myself. There's the charm. [on phone] Would you be able to do the same design, but with walls of gray? And a top that's gray too? Fabulous. What? Did my scores drop a little? Are we even sure that's my file? Well, there's got to be an explanation. Yeah. Michael, I'm just trying to -- A little bit. ... Worth it. Microgement. Wow, this is my lucky day. How dare you? My family built this country, by the way. Hello? [laughs] No, I'm just on the phone with this stupid salesman. He's so dumb. Probably just gonna keep him on the line forever and not buy anything. Yeah, OK. [punches button on phone] You know what? That's private. Sorry, you're going to have to speak up a little bit louder. I'm hard of hearing. [shouting] Buttlicker! Our prices have never been lower! He -- Now, you listen to me, sir. The three words I would describe you as is aggressive, hostile and definitely difficult. I'm irate right now. Please give me another chance. Mr. Buttlicker. Well, I should hope so. [Michael takes phone] Who is this? Well, this is William M. Buttlicker. [shakes fist, whispers] Yeah! There is one condition, Michael. Don't do it, Michael. What's going on? Let me paint you a picture of a little girl from southern India, who despite being welcomed into this country will now spend the rest of her life in prison for a crime she did commit. We called about a dozen customers, and they all said that they gave us great marks. I love your tie, Michael. I was r*ped. We have our confession. I'm calling security. [reaches for phone] See? I wasn't lying. I was lying. I want to be here when you f*re her ass. I will call you when it is time. [Jim and Dwight leave] No problem. Why are you telling us this? Where are you going? Where is it? Okay. My boss is sending me abroad to do a presentation to an international client and I have always been intrigued by all things international. The women, the pancakes, the man of mystery... [British accent] Hello. [on speakerphone] Do you have your passport? Got your per diem? Michael, the... that's for your food. I was happy to send Michael on this trip. He's been feeling pretty down since we had to transfer Holly up to New Hampshire. But this little perk really seemed to turn him around. [chuckling] And it's pretty tough to find somebody who wants to go up to Winnipeg mid-November. Well, I'm just glad to know you're happy because you know I felt bad. And in terms of nightlife, when you get there just ask the concierge. They have one of those? Wait, why do you need three suitcases? Do you have your money belt? No, no, no, no, no. You want to wear that puppy right up on the breastbone like a bra. [demonstrates] Here, let me help you. [reaches for Michael's money belt] Do you want to get robbed in a foreign country? I wash my hands of this. Monsieur. Meaning I will try to get other dudes laid. Here. It's just a van. Look, I know my way around a van. That is just a van. [sighs and picks up Michael's empty suitcases] Ah... sweet! Michael Gary Scott rolling like a pimp! Mmmhmmm... Mmmm... I'm good. I'm sorry. You'll need to keep moving. We need to keep the isle clear. Oh... Oh boy. [follows Oscar back to coach] I made egg salad sandwiches. Do you want one? [holds up sandwich] Could you have picked something stinkier to bring on a plane? [Andy laughs] My God, Oscar. Really? Do you have a bag of baby poop in there too, to share with everybody? No, I will be ordering my own food, thank you very much. Hi. Oh, I'm sorry. There are no meals on flights less than two hours. Yeah... Mmmmm... I'll check us in. Very cool. We are going to find out where the action is, my friend. Where's the concierge? Mmm... bingo! [indicates towards concierge desk] Follow moi, bro-sieur. 00. Other than that you can take the taxi and the number is right there. Down here... the financial district. Love you too. [hangs up phone, Pam sits on a bench crying] I'm probably going to leave after one drink. Yeah with a hot slab of Canadian bacon in your hand. Good to see you. Oscar. Yes. Thank you. Michael, why? For Madame et monsieur. [hands Michael and Marie a glass of wine] You're welcome. Let me get a picture of you guys. Dude, you struck out. They're totally stuck up. Here... drink up. Mmm-hmmm... Uh...A stro cleaners on St. Johns place is the only place open on that day. We'll discuss it later naked. I want to see you naked. I am so tired. Good morning, Michael. [Michael approaches table] Are you ready for the meeting? I'll be honest with you--- we've been talking with Catalyst Paper. Their prices are better than yours. Everything okay? [on phone] Hey! I just heard you guys made the sale. Good, very good. See, told you. Sounds like somebody had a good trip. Excuse me? What are you talking about? Okay. The hotel? What, M--- okay. I'm sorry to hear the hotel was bad. Okay, okay. Hey, hey, hey. Michael, please lets listen for a second. Michael, sometimes--- Sometimes, we-- [Michael hangs up phone] To socialize. And inform. Yeah, um, but one of them is for Toby. Um, I'm just gonna hand it to him right now. Why is that, why is that weird? [laughing] She's probably going to, cause they sit next to each other. Toby works here again. Oh no. You don't know. You should probably just meander back there; take a look. See if he's, see if he's back. Hi, Micha- NOOOO! GOD! No, God, please no! No! No! NOOO! He looks great. Well rested. Michael, is everyone okay? I don't understand, is anyone hurt? Michael, you texted me, 911 CALL ME. All in caps. Do you know what 911 means? Now what I'm curious about is how you were able to go an entire a week without knowing a member of your staff was there. Also, it's icky back there. Okay, I have to go. No. Not without cause, Michael. You have to get along with Toby. Yep. Goodbye, Michael. [hangs up] Yeh, they're rich. Well thanks Michael. Well that's sweet, I missed you guys too. Well, um, it was amazing. It really was, thanks for asking. Um the beaches were pristine... ...and, yeah, the whole thing was incredibly cathartic. It was actually kind of hard to meet people I found. And uh, yeah, plus it was hot. Are you all right, Michael? Yeah, I am. I am. I tried, I tried. I tried to talk to Toby and be his friend but that is like trying to be friends with an evil... snail. I feel like I'm dying inside. I feel like Neve Campbell in Sream II. She thinks she can go off to college and be happy and then, the m*rder comes back and starts k*lling off all of her friends. I learned a lot of lessons from that movie, this is just one of them. workplace v*olence and sexual harassment. I love catching people in the act. That's why I always whip open doors. Okay [stands up removes jacket and starts loosening his tie] [removes glasses] I am the bait. Men find me desirable. Oh, it's a good day too. I'm wearing my mustard shirt. Mmhmm. Men find me desirable. [laughs and swings his arm out which doesn't come close to touching the reception desk] I'm always this close. Yes, I just have to take this call anyway so... What do you need, Michael? Okay, what I would like you to do is take this folded note, and deliver it to Toby Flenderson? I just want you to just react to whatever this note elicits. Do not read it beforehand. Can you do that for me? "Please hug and kiss me, no matter how hard I struggle. I'm too shy to tell you that I love you." [kisses for a little longer] What's up? Yeah, yeah I'll see them. Those are fighting words. I hope he doesn't haul off and just h*t you. Hmmm? Punch him, Toby! Come on. [making karate moves] Baaah! Yeah, punch him. Ryan. Come on, man? Punch him as hard as you possibly can in the face. No, why would I punch you? There's still one thing we could do to get Toby fired. [goes over and closes office door] Frame him, for using dr*gs. Yeah, it's illegal, but... everything they do on The Shield is illegal. Oh I've framed animals before. I framed a raccoon for opening a Christmas present. And I framed a bear for eating out of the garbage. Just seems awfully mean. But sometimes the ends justify the mean. A fridge? What? What makes you think we'd have weed? [whispers in Leo's ear] Hey, just hold on one second. [comes back up to Michael] Hey, that's gonna be 500 dollars. Hi, Michael. Just pretend like we're talking until the cops leave. Hey, hey what are- why are you doing this? Michael! Oh my God! That was... I went to Costa Rica for a few months. What is going on? Check this out. That is not mine. I have never seen that before. What is going on here? Of course not! No! Michael, no! Yeah it's, uh, a caprese salad. There's a little bit of, uh, mozerella right there. [following them out] You have laws that protect you in any kind of interrogation. Why don't you use them? I didn't put caprese salad in my drawer, Michael. Did you? You know but the police could have been out there you know, catching real criminals instead of here searching my stuff. Are you kidding me? Are you kidding me, that's who you're worried about? You're... you're worried about the cop's time? You think I framed you, and you're worried about the taxpayer? Dah, God! Welcome back, jerky jerk-face. I did leave. Well, I don't see it that way. What? Here are our final actual costs for this year. As you can see, we did pretty well, so... Alright, well this is the overall budget for this fiscal year along the x-axis... Right there. You can see clearly on this page that we have a surplus of $4300. But we have to spend that by the end of the day or it will be deducted from next year's budget. Your mommy and daddy give you ten dollars to open up a lemonade stand. So you go out and you buy cups and you buy lemons and you buy sugar. And now you find out that it only costs you nine dollars. So you have an extra dollar. So you can give that dollar back to mommy and daddy, but guess what? Next summer... And you ask them for money, they're gonna give you nine dollars. 'Cause that's what they think it costs to run the stand. So what you want to do is spend that dollar on something now, so that your parents think it costs ten dollars to run the lemonade stand. We have to spend that $4300 by the end of the day or it'll be deducted from next year's budget. We should spend this money on a new copier, which we desperately need. Okay, break it down in terms of, um... okay, I-I think I'm getting you... New chairs? Yes, Michael, new chairs. These chairs are terrible. We were supposed to get new ones last year. Exactly. That should tell you how terrible the chairs are. I'm with Pam. Chairs. We should really have the office's air quality tested. We have radon coming from below, we have asbestos in the ceilings. These are silent K*llers. Michael? So Michael, what do you think? You have to make the decision. Remember, you were gonna get a new chair, and you were gonna give your old chair to me. Remember that? Michael? I'm just gonna grab some lunch. You wanna come with? Woah, you guys going to lunch? Mind if I join? All right. Let's go. Let's do it. Where we going? Michael, that is hilarious. Thank you. [goes to Michael's office and knocks on the door] Michael? Hey! You got a second? Oh, that must've been so fun. Hey, have I told you you look really nice today? Yeah, is that a new tie? That is amazing! What? No. [applauding] No way! Yeah! Oh, so I guess Oscar and Jim were talking your ear off about the new copier. Yeah. everyone sits on a chair every day... But not everyone... Or even uses the copier every day. Yeah, right? ...That's it. [giggles] All right, see you later... Hot tie guy. Okay. Michael, I got you a hot chocolate. I hope that's okay. Wait, Michael! Let me open the door for you. There he is! Hello. Oh! There's that ass! Woo! Yeah. Aw, don't take it away! Did somebody call Hank? So, there's no security problem? You know, I hustled up the stairs. Thank you. Thank you. You know, it's nice and warm up here. So what are we talking about? I know what a surplus is. Is that the copier? [inspects the copier] Hmm. I was just thinking. Let me see a chair. You can try mine. Hmm, not much lumbar support. On the one hand, this copier is very old. You should see some of the new copiers they have. You would not believe what they do. Well, let me finish. Now the chairs. The chairs are very weak. Very weak chairs. I could not sit all day in this chair. ...Let me see the copier again. [on speakerphone] Michael. Is this why you're calling me? Okay. You want me to weigh in on a minor budget issue? Well if I were you, I would just return the surplus and take the bonus. Branch managers who come in under budget get 15% of the savings. ...Like a tip? [calculates amount] $645?! [on the phone] We have that going out Tuesday... Okay? Sure, no, I can... I'll double-check that for you. Let me call you right back. Okay. That's the original. Do you know? I think you know. Does anyone happen to know what 15% of 4300 is? Michael's a genius. Why'd you say dollars? Hey Michael, what's 394 times 5,912? You're gonna give yourself a bonus of $645 instead of getting the entire office something it really needs? You're gonna get us a copier then? Or chairs? I didn't hear a phone. To be continued! You are a smart guy. I know you'll do the right thing. It's your job. Okay, you know what? Why don't you guys deal with it? I am going to get up, and I am going to be out in the common area. But you need to decide; otherwise I'm taking the bonus. All right? Hey, we're going with the chairs. Thanks Michael. Good work. I'm proud of you. [Pam and Oscar leave] Mother- This is the first Christmas party I am throwing as head of the party planning committee. The theme is "Nights in Morocco". This isn't your grandmothers Christmas party. Unless of course she's from Morocco, in which case it's very accurate. Yes. Yes. They are now. Cool. [sings] My horn can pierce the sky. [drinks] Oh... my... GOD!!! [laughs] h*t me again. [sings] There's a hole in the wall where the men can see it all. What is it? Wow, that is delicious. Can't believe no ones thought of that. Fa-la-la-la-la-la-la-ka-ching. We're back on the 5th, should we just do it then? Ah... would you want to do it on Groundhogs day? That's cool. Now? It's our Christmas party. Well what if we can't do it quickly. Do you know how to do an intervention? Hey, shut up. Here we go. Everybody gather up. And napkins... fanned. A little better. I threw up. Yeah. Michael, we are only allowed to talk about Meredith's work performance. We can not ask her to stop drinking. I'm not an alcoholic. Aye. I don't care what everyone thinks. I know I am not an alcoholic. When I was in college I used to get wicked hammered. My nickname was puke. I would chug a fifth of socos, sneak into a frat party, polish off a few people's empties, some brewskies, some Jell-O sh*ts, do some body sh*ts off myself, pass out, wake up the next morning, puke, rally, more soco, head to class. Probably would have gotten expelled if I had let it affect my grades, but I aced all my courses. They called me Ace. It was totally awesome. Got straight B's. They called me Buzz. Sure. Obviously. Where did you get this? Michael, We should contact some experts. You don't know what your doing. Yeah, 'cause this is kind of a drag. Well, Meredith, there was that one time you bought movie tickets and then you got too drunk to go, so you gave them to me. And that was really cool. You're welcome. Actually, I don't care for Meredith, but I don't believe in this kind of thing. In the Schrute family we believe in a five fingered intervention. [holds up his fist] Awareness, education, control, acceptance and punching. I am fine. I am not an alcoholic! I don't mind telling you that I have an addiction. I do. To p*rn. There are several ways to k*ll a zombie, but the most satisfying one is to s*ab it in the brain with a wooden stick. Oh, as f*re marshal I would have to. She is a hazard to the other people of the office. Michael, I think... you did the best you could, but this is bigger than all of us. Enabler! Enabler, enabler, enabler, enabler, enabler. It's Christmas and we are turning our back on somebody who is asking for help. Please stop. People are having a Christmas party. We just missed Poor Richards. Yeah, I thought we were going out for a drink? The Bog? Cooper's, Kelly's... ...Brixx's, Carmen's... ...The Fort, Andy Gavin's. Well, it must have just opened up. Yeah... all right. Enough of this Christmas crap. Let's get some party music. [changes radio station] Yeah! Yeah! Yeah that's better. Sunrise Rehab? No! No! No! I told you no! There is no way! No way! There is no way! No way! No way! No way! There is no way! No! No way! I told you. We talked about this. There is absolutely no way. No! No! There is no way! No! No! I am not going in there! I am not going in there! Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Just wait! Just wait! [runs away] Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God! No! No! No! No! No! There is no way! There is no way! There is no way! There is no way! No! No! Can I help you? No! No! No! No! No! She knew it. [answering the phone] Dunder Mifflin, this is Pam. I'm sorry, he's not in yet. Would you like his voicemail? Yes! I was just jogging. No, no, no, it's not your turn. All right, thirteen is the new number. Oscar, go ahead. There was a car. Thirty-one is humanly impossible. That's impossible. b*at it! [entering the office] Excuse me, everyone, can I have the floor please? Um, this is insanely awkward. It's kind of the elephant in the room, so I'll just... [sighs] No one has RSVP'ed to our wedding yet, and the deadline was yesterday. Nothing. Why don't... Let's... How about we just... Just have to talk to you for a second... No, no one has RSVP'ed, and I don't understand it, and now, you're shutting me out. You're not even listening. That's really considerate. Thank you. No, no. Andy still doesn't know that Angela's having an affair with Dwight. And it's been seventeen days. I mean, eventually he'll figure it out, when their kids have giant heads and beet-stained teeth. But right now it's just... awkward. We can't figure that out. Wait, what? You can't take what? No. You can't do that. It shouldn't come from you. [simultaneously] Angela. What is wrong with you? She is engaged. [sighs] When what? [clears throat] When what? What can't go on? Seems like... Angela said she was going to tell him. She's just not ready. I don't know. Stop. What? And! This shouldn't be coming from his boss. And we should also consider the fact that that man has an anger issue. Well it's not too late, because you haven't done anything. Michael, once this gets out... I don't know how it's going to go down. Might get ugly. [to Michael, who opens the door to leave] Have a good trip. Yeah. Will do, boss-man. You're not making any sense. All righty. Have a good meeting! [through the car window] Kick Wallace's ass! What? Are you serious? So listen, Michael, your branch has been doing great lately, and your sales staff is reporting very strong numbers. Out-performing last year, in fact. Um, and I don't know exactly how to put this, but... what are you doing right? Utica, Albany, all the other branches are struggling, but your branch is reporting strong numbers. [Michael smiles] Look, you're not our most traditional guy, but clearly, something you are doing... is right. And I just, I need to get a sense of what that is. David, here it is. My philosophy is basically this. And this is something that I live by. And I always have. And I always will. Don't ever, for any reason, do anything to anyone, for any reason, ever, no matter what. No matter... where. Or who, or who you are with, or, or where you are going, or... or where you've been... ever. For any reason, whatsoever. Sometimes I'll start a sentence, and I don't even know where it's going. I just hope I find it along the way. Like an improv conversation. An improversation. Here's the thing. Michael is doing something right. And in this economic climate, no method of success can be ignored. It's not really time for executives to start getting judgmental now. It's Hail Mary time. Thanks Meredith. It's hard to try and evaluate yourself, Michael, but I appreciate you trying. [gets up] And thanks for coming in. Yes. Yeah. Thank you. [hangs up] I got 500 feet of red wire at a flea market up by Dunmore High School. 20 bucks for the whole spool. Crazy, what a deal. [behind Jim, Dwight climbs telephone pole] Oh he'll be fine. I made it up there. Hi Michael how are you? So listen, as you know, we haven't yet filled the regional supervisor job. Correct. And I was wondering if I could get you to do some of the field work that would normally go to the supervisor [Michael makes exaggerated oh-my-gosh face at camera]. There is an area from Carbondale to Marshbrook, where we have never done any business. There is a small company there, Prince Paper. I can't get a report on it because it's not a public company. But we have been talking about going after their market, so I was hoping you could do some fact finding for me. I'll fax over some of the things we're looking for. Look, this is important, Michael. [riding in car with Michael] What if the owner of Prince Family Paper has a beautiful daughter and we have to seduce her in order to get their secrets? No, I wanna seduce her. Please Michael, please. You'll fall in love with her. Okay, let's go over the plan again. Your fictitious name? I am a paper salesman looking for a new job. I find out everything about their expenses and salaries. Then we meet at the Denny's... ...and then we compare notes. You know how I feel about IHOP. Are you socialist? I'll have a cup of a coffee. Store only has three employees. It means they are not expanding. No. No because their sign is centered perfectly above their store. No sign of the sign being moved. [spying through binoculars] Its lunch time, and no sign of anyone coming in or out. Which means they are not taking new customers out to lunch. Which Means they're not acquiring new business. So once again no growth. Oh, it would if they were all cumulous and not cirrostratus. Get your clouds right. So you go in now, I am going to go in exactly ten minutes. We have never met each other. We are complete strangers. Also, we are going to need a signal to bolt out of there if there is danger. Lick ur lips, try it. [Michael licks lips] No, no like this. [Dwight starts and Michael follows passionately licking their lips] Good. Yeah. Good. Here come the sharks. [they imitate jaws theme sounds and Dwight makes shark fin on his forehead] In nature, there is something called a food chain; it's where the shark eats a little shark. And the little shark eats a littler shark. And so on and so on. Until you get down to the single cell shark. So now replace sharks with paper companies and that is all you need to know about business. Hello, hi. What kind of business are you in. I assume your primary paper needs are stationary, general office. About 80. It's just me, my wife and my son. I opened this place after I came back from Vietnam. Okay, TMI. You sure know a lot about paper for a lawyer. Oh really? I'm your son now; you can visit him on holidays. Dwight Schrute, I'm a paper salesman at a second tier paper company called Dunder Mifflin. I'm the top salesman there and I'm looking for a new challenge. I would say you guys have what, 40 high full volume clients? My boss, his insensitivity might border on cruel. This is a man who does not listen to the needs his underlings. [Michael takes offense and charges over] It's going very well. You want a picture of me? Grandma, I can't do this. Right. OH! [the "yes she's hot team" claps] Wait; let me get something for you. Here is some, some references. Here is a list of references, our top clients. You call any of them; I trust you will hear some good things. [both making make out lips at each other] Excuse me sir, I took the bus here and was wondering if I could catch a ride home with you in your car. Thank you very much. Bye bye now. So long.Dwight and Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God. [running out door] Cmon. All their top clients I can't believe it. Someone's looking out the window. Go go, Peel out, go. [car hits front divider, screeching] You drove over that. Go back [car hits divider, screeching] Oh my God. Oh man, Yeah. You've done more then you can possibly know. A tow truck is going to charge you one hundred bucks to take you a mile. Let me take a look. How much longer is this going to take? No, I work at a desk all day, its nice working with my hands. Its all better. I look forward to hearing from you about that job application. No, because... [Dwight and Michael walk in and march into Michael's office, silencing the conversation] Its simple, David would use that information to destroy them. They could do better. What? I'm not familiar with that expression, It doesn't make sense, of course I'm alive. Michael, you have to. Have you ever seen a lioness devour its cub? Have you ever seen a baboon devour its mate? Have you ever seen a raccoon devour a squirrel? Your heart is a wonderful thing, Michael. But it has made some terrible decisions. Yes. Yeah. There was a terrible w*r, ugh, so many d*ed. Far too many d*ed. But if Frodo hadn't destroyed the ring, then goodness itself might have d*ed. Yeah. Good, so, [Michael takes client list and heads out of office] where are you going? Where are you taking the client list? Michael, Michael, no. Michael, give that. Michael, don't do this. No. [chasing Michael out of the office into parking lot] No no no, I can't let you do this! Its business, not personal. [they run back outside, where Dwight gets paper from Michael] Its over, Michael, its over. [holding list of clients up] This is good stuff Michael. You are a titan of industry pal. Good work. Look I'll be in touch, thanks buddy. Guess whose stock just went up, golden boy? I guess this is what they call a bittersweet moment. It is bitter because I slightly destroyed a wonderful little family. But sweet because David Wallace thought I did a good job. That's what I hate bittersweet chocolate. I don't even... what's the point of that? Why not just sweet? Who are you helping? Hillary swank. No, we don't know that. The smoke could be coming through an air duct. What's the procedure, everyone? What's the procedure? Wait, wait, wait. No! No, Michael! No! Touch the handle. If it's hot, there could be a f*re in the hallway. Okay, what's next? Leave it woman! Aah! This ones hot too! Go, go, go, go, go!! [Andy and Jim ram the door with the copy machine] f*re not real. This was merely a training exercise. [Oscar drops down from the ceiling] So, what have we learned? [Stanley falls to the floor] Oh come on. It's not real Stanley. Don't have a heart att*ck. No, no, no! Don't give him mouth to mouth for this! No. Michael. Michael. [everyone shouting at once] Michael! Michael! You're choking him! A lot of ideas were not appreciated in their time. Yes I shouted "f*re!". I shouted many things! I also shouted instructions on how to get out of the building, so you can imagine my frustration as safety officer when nobody would heed of what-- heeded-- When no one hedded-- N-no one would take hedded of my instructions. So, you-- And, well, I don't see my co-workers-- Wh--what? No, we are mad. No, we're not. No. Michael, you have to take responsibility here. One of your employees had a heart att*ck. He could have d*ed, because of the way that you are allowing your office to run. Do you want that on your conscious? Michael? Yeah. Well... I guess we papered over that pretty nicely. [chuckles] It always amuses me when corporate thinks they can make some big change with a twenty minute meeting in some fancy high-rise. What's the matter? You hungry? Don't you worry about that. I got it covered. Okay? I am planning a b*mb scare that should really get the blood pumping. What? You? Come on. That's preposterous. No, I will. Nobody should have to go to work thinking, "Oh, this is the place that I might die today." That's what a hospital is for. An office is for not dying. An office is a place to live life to the fullest, to the max, to... An office is a place where dreams come true. But the doctor said if I can't find a new way to relate more positively to my surroundings I'm going to die. I'm not sitting in a wheelchair. A-B-C. Okay? And hat stands for... airway, breathing and circulation. This is a farce. I should be teaching this course. Shut it. Shut it. Absolutely I would not. That's not a good idea, Michael. He needs to rest. I would die. I'm okay with the logic of it. Yes. I had a heart att*ck. I would quit, but I'm too old to find another job and I don't have enough saved to retire. I feel like I'm working in my own casket. Michael! Michael. So, assessing the situation. Are they breathing? No, that's not part of it. I would want to live with no legs. All right, well, lets get back to it. 'Cause you're losing him. Okay, too fast. Everyone, we need to pump at a pace of a 100 beats per minute . How's that gonna help you? Okay. Well, a good trick is to pump to the tune of 'Staying Alive' by the Bee Gees. Do you know that song? No, it's--Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah, stayin' alive, stayin' alive. [to Rose] You were in the parking lot earlier. That's how I know you. Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah, stayin' alive, stayin' alive [Andy joins in] Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah, stayin' alive, stayin' alive. He has no wallet, I checked. He is. I'm not feeling well. I need to sit down. Stanley. We had to pay for it. Cost us thirty five hundred dollars. Wow. Jim and Pam are, like, movie geniuses. They're catching things that are totally going over my head. I have. [laughs] I'm ok, I'm not, great, and um... [nods] [in a monk-impression tone] Ohmmm... Ohmmm... Everybody sit on the floor Indian style like me. [Meredtih sits Indian style in a dress exposing herself right in front of Michael] Ohmmm my God if you're wearing a dress please keep your knees together nobody wants to see that ohmmm... ohmmm... My goal is to make this office as peaceful a place for Stanley Hudson as I can. I think sounds have a lot to do with that. Here are some downloaded peaceful sounds. [a couple of sounds play on the computer] That one makes me think... of death. It's kinda nice... What? [opens her eyes, Michael is standing over her] Oh... Chunky monkey. Chocolate. It's my bio-feedback machine.. It alerts me when my stress level goes up so I can try to calm down. Yes... Let me get you some water. No, Michael, No. [beeping speeds up] Please. A little further. That's better. [Michael walks back towards Stanley and the beeping goes up again] Ok... I think that thing is on the fritz. Ahh... Oscar, would you reach over and touch his thing? That's what HE said! Right guys, 'cause of gay? [Oscar has Stanley's monitor now] Let's give this a sh*t. Michael, I think you're what's stressing everybody out. What could Jim have said to make my dad want to leave my mom? And at what point in our marriage is he gonna say it to me? Nothing stresses me out. Except having to seek the approval of my inferiors. Speaking of which... [hands Michael the paper to sign for Dwight's formal apology] Remember when people used to say boss, when they were describing something that was really cool like, those shoulder pads are really boss man... Look at that perm, that perm is so boss. It's what made me want to become a boss. And I looked so good in a perm and shoulder pads. But now, boss is just slang for jerk in charge. A vacation. Michael are you serious? You really want us to roast you? That's offensive. I consider myself a good person. But I'm gonna try to make him cry. That was the last signature I needed. Michael Scott! [laughter] I have made a list of people that I would make out with before I would make out with Michael Scott. A turtle, a fridge, anybody from the warehouse, a woodchipper, Kevin, a candle, and Lord Voldemort. Anyway, Happy Birthday Michael. Michael? You ran over me with your car. You posted a picture of my bare boobs on the bulletin board with a caption that said "Gross"... Michael, you are the reason I drink. You are the reason I live to forget. [yelling at Michael in Spanish] Several times a day, Michael says words that are way beyond my vocabulary. Do ya? Ok. Remember Spider face? OK. 'Cause the quote was, cut off your nose to spiderface. How dare you all att*ck him like this. Michael is your superior. Okay, you should be bowing down in front of him. Ok, no, they don't understand who they have... You're interrupting me. I'm trying to get your back. Are you calling me an idiot? Well I just want to take a minute to talk to you all about something very serious. Once every hour, someone is involved in an internet scam. That man is Michael Scott. [laughter] He's supporting about 20 Nigerian princesses. Well, ya know, Michael is a great delegator. He never does any work himself. Ever. And one time, I walked in on him naked, and his thing is so small. [quickly walks off stage] If it were an iPod it would be a shuffle! [clapping, laughter] Mike claims, we're all a family isn't that right? Ok, so um, what's his name? All the way in the back there. What's his name? Roy left years ago. What's his name? I don't believe I have had the pleasure.Warehouse What'shisname? [singing and playing the guitar] What I hate about you, you really suck as a boss, you're the laziest, jerkiest and you're dumber than applesauce. We're stuck listening to you all day, Stanley tried to die just to get away, heeey, well it's true. That's what I hate about you. That's what I hate about you. Yeah. And now, a man that deserves no introduction, Michael Scott. What's a text? [at a park throwing whole pieces of bread] Caw... caw... caw caw... caw... Michael, I feel like I was a little harsh yesterday. [murmurs of agreement] What? Wow. Andy, Cornell called, they think you suck. And you're gayer than Oscar. Boom. Roasted. [Stanley is still laughing] Alright. Alright everybody, you know I kid, you know I kid. You guys are the reason I went into the paper business, so, uh, goodnight, God bless, God bless America, and get home safe. [clapping and murmurs of appreciation] This morning the phone guy comes in, and he shows Michael that the phones have a PA function. And then he just left. [disgusted groan] Ugh. [sighs and knocks on Michaels door] That's pretty funny. Hey you know what? Did I drop my, uh... What the heck? Is that, uh... [bends down, cuts phone cords with scissors] I didn't, I'll look somewhere else. All right. Would you like fries with that? Please drive around. Good morning. You ready? And we're off, like a herd of turtles. He brought a sled. Yeah. I love being on the road, but I especially love the time and a half pay 24 hours a day, for three days. Cause I have a mortgage now, got a bring home the bucks. Separate rooms. I'm going to say it anyway. This is a new cardigan. No. Can I turn on the radio? But then you fall asleep and there's nothing for me to do. That's dangerous. That's okay I can... I'm fine. I'll just play a song in my head. No, that was a long time ago. [taking Michael's picture] Okay, uh, point at the Dunder Mifflin. Hi. [sarcastically chuckles] Uh, your late, everyone's already in the conference room. Karen will be right here to take you over. Stop it, please. Hey. Hi, guys. Of course not! Let's just get this over with, shall we? [looking into Julia's car] Trying to see what CD's she got. It's good to know the deets about the girl you're wooing. Eh, Aha! Fiest. Yes! [bangs on car and alarm goes off] Whoa! Aah, Aah! [backs up and runs into another car starting another alarm] Not gonna have to do that, till after I have the baby. No, I am wondering. What are you talking about? But now we think you're a liar. Would a liar bring mini Mounds bars? [Pam tosses a handful of Mounds bars at everyone] I am a theatrical person. Growing up, I always thought I would become an actor. Because I have, these memorization tricks that I use. Um, for instance, I learned the Pledge of Allegiance by setting it to the tune of Old MacDonald. [starts singing] I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America, and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under God. With a woof-woof here, and a woof-woof there. Here a woof, there a woof. Everywhere a woof, woof. Um, you get it. Yes. Uh, it's very insulting. But we already know each other's names. Okay. All right everyone, meeting's over. Can I please see you in my office, please? [thinks for a moment] Give me two clients for her. No that's, that is incredibly dangerous. You know, I think I'm just gonna distill all this, and send it in an email to my team. Thank you. It just all happened so fast. Yes, Michael. My husband impregnated me. It's really sweet. Oh, my God. I'm so happy for you. [hugs pam] Wait, what? I like her. I'm serious. Um, I'm really glad I came. Are you asleep? No, remind me. Perfect boobs, [gives a look at the camera] of course I remember Holly. Okay, lets go. Yeah, screw 'em. Let's do this. 35[previously on The Office...] I am on a lecture circuit. I'm goin' around to all the branches, and I'm telling them my secret recipe for success. I have now memorized all of your names. Shirty, Mole, Lazy Eye, Mexico, Baldy. Oh, wow, thank you! [taking Michael's picture] Okay, a little bit more closer to the sign. Yeah. You look good. Hi, can I help you? Yes, we were expecting you. Have a seat. Actually, she's on an HR retreat for the next three days. But, if you need to get in touch with her immediately, you could talk to A.J. He's a salesman here. Yeah, he's her boyfriend. He's just over there. I'm so sorry, Michael. She's not doing it to hurt you. Listen, when Jim was dating Karen, I didn't want to come to work. It was awful. I hated it. I wanted to quit, but- You know, when Holly gets back, everyone will tell her what a great job you did. And then she'll realize what she's missing. Yeah, maybe. Maybe. One step at a time. You can do this. I know, I just read it on the sign. A.J. [laughs] [laughs] I'm a salesman. That's why I raised my hand. I have a question about discounts from distributors. It's pretty serious, yes. What does this have to do with sales? No, what are you talking about? Does what feel good? Michael, get off the floor! [whispering] No, no, no, you have to do it- Ohhh... [loading up car with Michael] Don't look up. Don't look up. [sighs as office workers all looking from window] No. What? Oh, Michael... You did what? She never sent it to you? No. No, under no circumstances can you read that letter. It's a violation of her trust. Because, she didn't send it to you! I could read it. Yeah, I could read it. Go get your laptop. [closes laptop] It's deleted. She still has feelings for you. I can't tell you specifically, but... it's not over. [nods and smiles] [opens door to wake Kelly, bangs together two trash can covers loudly] Birthday time is over! Now go make up for all the work you missed when you were taking your nap. [slaps Kelly's butt] Many happy returns. [slams door] No, we don't need to do that. You mean Tony? Oh, Michael. Nice to meet you, yeah. Whew! I can assure you we don't need a new system though. Happy with ours. Jimbo! [impersonating Fonzie] Ayyyy! Ayyyy! Ayyyy! That was funny. That was funny. Let's go do it to somebody else. Ayyyy! I miss Stacy. So, I received my first Valentine from a secret admirer. [Kelly opens the envelope] Roses are red, violets are blue, it's time for your dental cleaning, and maybe a check-up too. Oh, wow look at those. How nice for you. Up there, front and center, beautiful. I think they would look better right here. [Michael takes the flowers from Pam's desk and puts them on the ground off to the side] They're very pretty and I wouldn't want them to fall. [Kevin groans] Just about everyone in this office is single right now. Including me. And everyone is experiencing an incredible amount of emotional pain. Especially me, because of my great capacity for emotion, and it is my first Valentine's Day since Holly, so I think that I am well qualified to understand that these people need to be protected from having love shoved into their faces. They're for her to look at, Michael. Yes, let's have a word. Oh, I'm sorry. So sexy it becomes hostile. Uh, I actually thought we were keeping it pretty low-key. We do. You can't be a part of our relationship, Michael. That sounds fun. Yeah, deal with it Pam! I train my major blood vessels to retract into my body on command. Also, I can retract my penis up into itself. [pauses, then nods signaling that he performed the feat] You're gonna need to lie down right over here. Hi, I cant talk right now. I'm sorry. Whew, I'm really nervous. Yeah, when I get nervous I sort of clam up. Whew, it's better for me just to be quiet, yeah. Sure. Sorry, it's the other thing I do when I get really nervous. Alright, here we go. Just relax. Oh, that's gross. We're in. What? Ew. That's not good. Well, ok... bags! [Michael is taken aback] Alright, that was bad. Um, a hat. A hat with no blood in it? You're cute. You're done. Ah, we did it! Is he OK? What? Oh. She left. Oh yeah, I understood. Well, his heart was in the right place. I don't think so. I can't. Was he in to you in like a gay way? He told me he wasn't gay. [everyone groans] I'm not done yet. A week later a friend of mine calls me up, and he says "I just saw him in a gay bar in Kansas City." [everybody groans except for Michael who looks pleasantly surprised] I guess I have. Huh. He's on one of his honeymoons. My worst breakup was with Stacy. It was a Sunday morning, we were reading the paper, and I said "Oh my God, I think the Eagles could clinch the NFC East!" and she said that we're done. You're right. OK everyone, back to work. A net? a giant net? What do you have in mind? Oh God, that's a terrible idea. No. Lonely people mixing with one another? Breeding? Creating an even lonelier generation? Ha, you're not allowing natural selection to do its work. Pssh. You're like the guy who invented the seat belt. These people need love and I am going to get it for them Who cares if we sell a little bit less paper today? A great boss cares more about the happiness of his employees then anything else. I am going to be cupid, and I am going to sh**t my sparrow at unsuspecting victims, and they are going to get h*t and say "I'm in love I was h*t by cupid's sparrow." Funny little bird, but he gets the job done. Hey. No movement. Eh, its not that early. I'm ok. Feel a little lopsided because of all the blood they took out of my right side. Oh. Meh. Eh. Hello. Dwight K. Schrute. Why don't you introduce me to your little friend? [Dwight immediately breaks the handshake with the redhead and turns to the blonde] Hi, Dwight. Oh, hi! I'm Lynn. Hi. I'm from here! I think I blew it. It all happened so fast. So... fast. I am. Meredith recently had a total hysterectomy, so that's sort of a repair. Alright, I'll let you guys talk. ...and the kind of discounts we're talking about are not... hold on - Michael, Why do you keep looking at the front door? Hey, it just takes one! You met a woman when you were giving blood? That is so romantic. She could be. Is this the party? [everyone turns to Michael wanting to know if this is Blood Girl] OK. Well, thanks for wasting my time tonight, idiot. God! Thanks, Michael. We can stay a little longer. Michael, it's time. Come on, we'll all go. [after some encouragement] OK. [on the phone] Yeah, that's no problem. [on the phone] Sure. Uh huh. I'm on the phone. [on the phone] You can fax it over. Yeah, 5-7-0-5-5-5-0-1-- 0-1-7-5. Thank you. Bye, bye. [to Michael] It really makes us look unprofessional. [sighs] Who's there? Buddha who? Great. Now there's, there's butter on my desk. I got a knock-knock joke. OK, Michael, please, please, please, please, please let me. [clears throat] Knock, knock. KGB. [in Russian accent] We will ask the questions! What are you doing? Hey! Hey! Stop it! Stop it! C'mon. What are you doing? Mine was a part of my hilarious joke. Ding Dong. KGB. I'm not answering it. I'm not answering that. You answer it. [Michael walks in dressed as Willy Wonka] Good morning, Michael. Good morning, Mr. Wonka, here are your messages. Jelly beans. No, no, no. They are not just ordinary jelly beans little girl. These are extraordinary jelly beans! The Willy Wonka Golden Ticket promotional idea is probably the best idea I have ever had. It's probably the best idea anybody has ever had. Three days ago, I slipped five pieces of gold paper into random paper shipments. This entitles the customer to ten percent off of their total order. It will be a day for them that is full of whimsy, and full of excitement and full of fantasy. We own our own delivery trucks. We could lease them out on the weekends -- 'Free paper.' Golden Girls. That's a golden ticket idea, right, I mean how great was that show? Golden Grahams. Another, is it -- I don't get this... [on phone] Hey, Tom. What's that? Oh, you found a golden ticket. [puts hand on receiver and speaks to office] One of my clients found a golden ticket. [Michael screams in excitement] [Jim back on phone] Yup. No, congratulations. [Michael dances in background] [on phone] I'll take that down right now. I'm on the phone. [on phone] Hold on one second. [to Michael] It's actually Blue Cross from Pennsylvania. Ten percent? They're our largest client. How do you not spread out the tickets into different shipments? OK... ...well I'm going to call corporate to make sure that they know I didn't lose half my sales. You didn't, but... it'll be fine. It'll be good. Start over. Were the boxes near each other? I put three pallets on the truck to Blue Cross once a week. They use a lot of paper. OK, I'm going to ask you something and I want you to be honest. What is a pallet? When Michael's skirting a phone call, he gave me a list of places to say he is. 'Stopping a fight in the parking lot. ' 'An Obama fashion show. ' Whatever... that is. Or 'trapped in an oil painting.' I'm gonna save that one. They can. Yes, they can. Michael, what do you think shutting down a branch is? So, well I lost a ton of money today and I have a mortgage, so I'm a little pissed too. Absolutely not, I'm mad at you. That's not why. Good one. I've got a golden ticket idea. Why don't you skip on up to the roof and jump off? [on phone] Dunder Mifflin, this is Pam. Oh hi, David. He's having a colonoscopy. Alright, I'll find out if he's out yet. [on speaker phone] Michael, what the hell is going on here? Fine. What is going on? Why did you OK this golden ticket idea? We're going to lose a fortune, Michael. How could you let this happen? How could you not know Michael? Might have hi--- OK, what firm? Michael? Was it the sales department? Was it Jim? OK, was it Dwight? [long pause] Yes. That was your idea. You did. Several times. Over and over again. [same time as Michael] You were dressed as Willy Wonka so... Wasn't my idea. Loved - but I can't. You don't keep a diary. Hold that thought. [Dwight gets up and gets own diary from desk and returns] [flipping through diary] March... 4th. Michael Scott came up with golden ticket idea to give five customers ten perfect off for one year. To keep secrets from my computer. Impossible. I wasn't given candy as a child, so a movie that fetish-ized it that much, would have made no sense to me. Plus, we weren't allowed to see movies. So... do the math. Had conversation with Michael about taking credit for an idea that wasn't mine. Discussed movies. [Jim, Andy and Pam all talking over each other] ...turn into this black and carbon brick-where this barbeque sauce of shame and rage and two hot people with a perfect relationship would not understand that. OK, what am I thinking right now? No... How skin is the largest organ of the body. I did fall on my sword once. I was running with it in my belt. Won't happen again. What about Shoe La La? [sighs] It's not ready yet. I have an idea for a fancy men's shoe store called Shoe La La. And it's just men's shoes for the special occasions in a man's life, like the day that you get married or the day your wife has a baby, or for just lounging around the house. These aren't announcements. I love working here and I do not want to leave. Well... We discussed the fact that I'm cooped up here instead of experiencing the whole wide world. No plowing my own acres. Going around shirtless all day. You know experiencing freedom. Try me. I haven't made a decision yet. No. There it is. That's too bad. That's what she said! [David laughs] Inspiration. [same time as Michael] You never know when it's gonna strike. Just... boom. You, you are taking about Dwight Schrute. The biggest Wonka fan I know. I mean, you've been talking about that movie for years. Sure. [same time as Michael] 'Cause I've got this idea... Yeah? So I love Willy Wonka. That golden ticket scene is so inspiring to me that that's where I cam up with that idea [Michael comes into conference room]. Pam... [on phone] We are gonna call you back guys. [to Michael] What is going on here? It is my idea. It is my idea. I'm filled with good ideas. Thousands of good ideas. Horse Boat. A canoe built around your horse so you can go from riding to water travel without slowing down. Horse Boat! Oh give me a break. That's because they're easy! Yes, it's Michael's idea that he forced on me on thr*at of death. What, I don't -- what do you want me to do now, Michael? What am I supposed to do now? I am gone. Oh I am. In my own words. No. No, Michael. Michael, since it is your fifteenth anniversary at the company, I thought it might be appropriate to begin the festivities with a fifteen-minute round of applause. I just feel like after fifteen years at this company, bravo by the way, that we should celebrate with a very classy event, a night to remember. And of course, classy. a string quartet, playing classy-cal music. [Jim grimaces] That's it. Or Mr. Peanut. Mr. Peanut is not classy. He is a regular peanut. He just happens to have a cane, a monocle and a top hat. an ice sculpture. Of you. Completely surrounded by a variety of chocolate-covered fruits. Not classy. De class. Sure. Just one second. Please have a seat. Michael, there's a Charles Miner here to see you. Yeah, are you coming out now? I-I was- Hey. Really wish you would have told me the new boss was coming today. Nope. I mean, I could have brought a change of clothes, or- Originally founded in 1866, Scranton quickly became one of Pennsylvania's largest anthracite coal-mining communities. We'll finish it up later, but essentially what we're talking about is... Thank you. This is what you did last night? Took him 40 minutes to get ready. Hey, I come from accounting, too. Ni- Hey, Oscar, it's good to meet you. Hey-o! You know, Michael, I don't need to know everyone's sexual history. How about I just say hi to everyone at one time? Thank you, Michael. Thank you for the C-shaped bagels. That's great. Hey, you know we're in tough times and we're not immune to this economy. [clears throat, raises his hand] Stanley Hudson. Are there gonna be layoffs? Sp-Well, um, Michael should have filled you in last week. You didn't tell them. Yeah, I will. What I told Michael last week- Fantastic. It is official. It is official. And actually, guys, I'm encouraging branches to consider a freeze on discretionary spending. No, no, not salaries. Petty cash, supplies, and uh, you know, parties. What about your party? Michael, I'm going to stay for the day. No, it's a little bit more than that. I'm going to set up in here, ok? I am thrilled that the new boss has taken such an active interest in all of the responsibilities that I'm supposed to have. Thrilled. What gave you that idea? I see. Look, Michael, Charles is very qualified. Get to know him. I really think the two of you are going to make a great team. Ask him about the party. No the other thing. No. No. Saticoy Steel. No, I worked at a company called Saticoy Steel. No. Yeah, he knows. He just wants a good manager. And what is that? That's not how I plan on doing things. I'll tell David what he needs to know. Sorry. David wants it this way. Ok. Good. Listen, my name is, uh, Michael... Scotch. And, uh, I just wanted to say that, uh, I've got David Wallace's son in the trunk of my car. If he doesn't get on this phone in 5 seconds- David Wallace's office. Michael... [on cell phone] Charles Miner. Hello? Hello, who is this? Who is this? That is so unnecessary! It's no big deal. Thank you. Thanks, Charles. I do this for every branch I go to. If you do not like it, then I think there are some bagels left over from this morning. Michael? I just realized that I used the 2008 calendar to do the spreadsheets for January and February. I may need to come in this weekend to fix it. Ok. That's not the way it's gonna work. No, it is not. Ok, so we're on the same page, great. Ok, Michael, what are you doing? No, seriously. How old are you? Five years old? I will walk away. Stop doing that! And then, out of that cake, pops another stripper holding a smaller cake. And then an even smaller stripper pops out of that one. Cupcake. It's cupcakes and strippers all the way down. Excuse me, guys. What's going on in here? This doesn't seem like a good way to spend company time. You pet the animals and they pet you back. It's really just a regular shaped cake. This isn't a good use of company time, Michael. Everyone, except for Michael, go back to your desks. [Dwight, Jim and Pam leave] Thank you very much. Ok, Michael, I'm dissolving this committee. Yeah, I mean, come on. This is a work place. It isn't designed for your vanity. I don't know if I have hurt your feelings or you do not disagree with my methods, but it is over. Yep. [shuts door behind him] [coming out from bathroom] Michael. How did you get here, Michael? Ok. Michael. Listen- Well, I didn't know about the figs, specifically. . . That's not exactly- No. Yes. We didn't ask you to do that. [out of breath and wet] Charles and Kelly? Absolutely not. He is a sophisticated man. He does not need to go dumpster-diving for companionship, ok? Yeah. You're right. Yes. I get it. I get it, Michael. Here's what I'm going to do- We will move some money around, and I will personally see to it that you have your party, you have your figs. I will be in attendance. It's gonna be great. How's that? What? Michael get to the good part. At least he is in the building. Okay focus. Focus. You're in the right building, you're with the right people; what happened? Did you tell him how sick of him you were? Did you spit in his face? Michael is that scotch? Scotch with Splenda. Tastes like Splenda, gets you drunk like scotch. [in Oscar's ear] Clinky, clinky-clink. Come-on... come on, come on. Maybe you should go into your office, close the door, and make some calls about jobs? Do you have any leads on a job? You called any headhunters? Uh, I need you to go over this client list and indicate any wrong or false data. Hey Michael... Can I talk to you a minute? I just wanted to tell you that... Oh What? [takes a present out from behind his back] What's that? Um, you know, cause your leaving and so, it's a farewell... I hope I get to work with you someday again. Thank you. [to Michael] You interviewing too? Interviewing? Regional manager. For regional manager I've decided to go with an outside hire. For obvious reasons. Philly. Yeah, well this is one of the few places that's hiring. It's uh, its brutal out there. [overhears loud monster noises] Its Monster dot com. Singular. Thank you. [groaning ceases] Hi, you've reached Prince Paper. We are sad to inform you that after 40 years of serving the community we are no longer in business. Thank you for your support. May God bless you. [girl's voice] Bye! [sighs] What am I gong to do? Uh... [chuckles]. Yeah... .you want me to come in your office? Oh. I would prefer not to. You're starting your own paper company? Why? Do you know the industry is in decline? Right. No, I did that before, it added nothing. Okay. [keeps eyes open] I am not gonna do this. And you are not going to, either. Here's the thing. What I wish for you is that you land a job at a company that A, exists, and B, has a salary. Because they're set up to do that kind of thing. Okay. After you. My German is pre-industrial and mostly religious. Like Michael Scott Paper Company? Hmm... yeah. Listen Michael. Have you really thought this through? 'Cause it's a pretty big risk. Yeah... you could give it up though right? And almost nobody would know. Well, um, you can scan it, and then you can upload the image, and then you can copy the new image. Yeah. Good. She's such a special person. And she's turning 50 this year. No way!? In this climate? Your own paper company. Right... What a courageous venture. Location is hard for me, with the farm and the responsibilities... Okay. So yeah. You put a note in my food? Just to say "sterile" doesn't make it so. Do you have a business plan? A funding request? Market research, financials? You need those things. Most new businesses, they don't make a profit till at least two years. And then your margins will be razor thin. Best case scenario, you don't cut yourself a salary for at least 5 years. Can you go 5 years without a salary, Michael? Five years? It's just not prudent Michael. Can't you see I'm urinating? No. No. No I didn't. Okay, Michael? I can't pretend I haven't seen that. So I am going e to ask you to stand up, walk out. And you can't take anything. Okay Michael. I always thought Michael got a bad rap. He's a good guy. And he's super funny. Yeah, maybe I should tell him before he goes. He's all the way over there. No, no no no. You're done, Michael. I can't believe this is really happening. [Michael is Army crawling around the office] Michael? These are for employees only. Michael, why is it that you asked everyone except me, Angela, Creed, and Meredith? But you didn't want to start with us? I did have a chance to think about it, but then I thought about something else. Well it is tempting but I am 100% leaning towards something else. Okay, let me know if you find it. Michael get up! Michael, what are you doing? Hank? No, I don't need Hank Michael. Michael, wait! I'm coming with you. Yeah. Great. Uh, except, I don't want to be a receptionist anymore. Salesman. Still no. Oh, all my stuff is still upstairs so... Michael, its not how you leave in an office. It how you... Okay, see you later. Today is my first day at my new job at Michael Scott Paper Company Incorporated. You know, Apple Computers started in a garage. And we're starting in a condo. So we already have a leg up on Apple. [picks up piece of mail] Look, it's official! [door opens, Michael is in a bath robe] Michael, you were expecting me, right? Are you wearing anything under the robe? This looks great, Michael. Yes, please. ... Square is fine. So, what do you say we get started? I'm full. I feel good. [sees a huge pile of French toast] Wow. Yeah. I'm excited to start the company. We did that. So, what's next? Michael, just stop for a second. [reaches out to take the whisk] Michael. Stop for a second. No, I know you are. Just let me have... Oh. Fine! [eggs splatter all over his robe] Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Oh, he does. He does. You know, Michael. When I feel overwhelmed - Okay, first, work out. And, hey! Look! You did that. Check. [Michael doing leg lifts] Eat an enormous breakfast. Check. I think you should get dressed. Michael, that seems impossible. We need to come up with one realistic thing that we could do today. Great. No. What? Why? No. We're not gonna hire Ryan. Okay. We'll find him. Really? We have an investor already? Michael, that's fantastic. I have doubts about this too. But when one person freaks out, sometimes it weirdly makes the other one calmer. That's one thing I've learned about relationships. I hate that I just used the word relationship. [Michael comes out in a suit] Hey! You look great! [checks something off her list] Let's go! Next on the list - open the mail. No, okay. It's fine. It's fine. We're just gonna add "find office"... Next on the list -- song parodies. Great. Let's sing it in the car. Yeah. We have a meeting with an investor today. Hm. I'm looking forward to getting to know you better, Vikram. I'm swamped, Michael. [over the PA] Happy birthday to Sally in lane 27. Yes. Yes, it's possible. Michael! What's going on? Hey, you. This wasn't on the list. No. It's not. [looks at list] When did you add this to the list? I told you guys, I'm really busy here, so... What size shoes are you guys? No. What is he doing? Oh my God. Where is it? Do you guys want to hear about Thailand? It was indescribable. Michael! People turn to their families all the time when they need help starting out and if my Nana's investment club can help the Michael Scott Paper Company become a reality, then I'm sure that's what she would have wanted. Does want. So let's hear it. How do you expect to turn a profit in this economy? What's your mission statement? Kickoff. [to camera] My strategy is to touch the ball as little as possible. Chalk it up to teamwork. [to team] Alright! [clapping] Michael, I don't know about this. I'm not so sure. We could just give him a chance. It's not much money. This isn't a handout club. It's an investment club! I love you, Michael. I do. Do you get TNT? The station? Do you get TNT? I can't do this. I can't do this. I had a real job. I sat ten feet away from my fiance. I had health benefits. I was just feeling impulsive. I should have gotten a tiny tattoo on my ankle. I just keep getting bored. And I let things build up and build up and then I - I, I do something too big, like this. Who does this? We don't have any money. We don't have an office. We don't have anything. How come out of everyone in the office, I'm the only one that went with you? Is it because I'm that stupid? I mean, your own grandmother doesn't even believe in you! Yeah. So what are our options? Well, we can start this paper company. We can try. Or... that's it. That's our only option. Because we quit. Pam, I do my best work when people don't believe in me. I remember in high school, my math teacher told me I was gonna flunk out. And know what I did? The very next day I went out and I scored more goals than anyone else in the history of the hockey team. See what I mean? I thrive on this. I thrive on it. So I'm gonna go inside. I'm going to make some calls, I'm gonna get us an office space, and I'm going to show you why you joined this company. Okay? [Pam nods] You gotta have some extra space. Philly, work with me here. There's gotta be some sort of secret office that you have... lurkin' around... some awesome, free, keep it off the books... Oh, no. Not there. That would be humiliating. I did what I had to do. I stepped in. I took charge. That's what being a man is. And earlier today, I was freaking out. Pam stepped up. She was the man. Don't think a woman can be a man? Well, then that's your stereotype, not mine. I could work here. I could see this. Are you good? I'm good. Michael, you're back. Mmmhmm. Morning Michael! Hello! They took away my parking space but they can't take away my pride! [awkwardly climbs out of his car] I thought Rajini Ghanda was a boy's name? What should we do now? We wait, and hope that people show up to the pancake luncheon. I don't know I think we've done absolutely everything you can do to prepare for the day. I've updated our contacts, I have gotten quotes from suppliers. I have sent out an E-vite for our big grand opening pancake luncheon. Six yeses, one maybe, only eleven noes. Um, and 788 not yet replieds. But of that group, 782 have viewed it. You should come into town this weekend man. Yeah, we'll hang out Scranton style. Hey buddy. What the hell? [Michael closed his laptop] Shut up! Not much? What's up with you? [from bathroom above] Nah it's okay. I'm in the bathroom. Hey you been watching Damages this year? It's so good. No, you gotta tune in, it's as good as anything on HBO. [sound of pissing] Hey does blue go with tan? I have like, like a blue shirt? I don't wear a lot of colors, I have a lot of tan. Uh huh. Oh yeah I bet. Michael, we can hear you. Come on! Ryan! Look I just want you and I to hang out so, you know. Just, [They Hi-5 badly] Boom. Definitely. Or you could f*re one of us. Whoever has less education. .... Corner idea? Last night was crazy. Jojo? Yeah. He did a donut in a parking lot in front of a cop. And then he yells, "Hey cop, you like donuts?" then we drive off. No, he just stayed there. [Pam goes to sit in a chair in the corner.] I want that new phone. No, the other one. No the other one. No, you know which one I'm talking about it's the one, the one with the awesome browser. [More bathroom noises] No, not that one. I thought that was your corner. So my corner's the one with the copier? I'm just gonna sit here for a little bit longer if that's okay. The air smells so good. I don't remember it smelling so good. The chairs are so comfortable. It's really cute. She's upstairs talking to Charles. Are we staying til five? Yes. Maybe the Michael Scott Paper Company was a huge mistake. I should leave. I should go, and start my own paper company. That'll show 'em. I'm texting. I don't want to get my fingers sticky. Ryan, enough with the texting machine. Come on. And tuck in your shirt, you're the face of this company. Hey. Yeah, I needed to take care of some stuff. That's as specific as I'd like to be. These are terrible boss. You gotta make them in a circle so that they cook evenly. You have to stop. [bangs on glass window][Michael sits alone at the pancake table alone, the breeze blowing paper around.] Keep going. [Whispers] We already offered free delivery! Write it down. A guarantee of what? And I guarantee, that you will be satisfied! 'Cause your satisfaction is our guarantee! We guarantee it. We look forward to doing business with you too. Thank you Russell. Oh! Oh! We did it ! She did it! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! [Dancing in the office] Things are a little slow here. And there's only so much cold-calling you can do in a day. Turns out there's no limit to the number of cheese puffs you can throw at someone's face. When Michael was in charge, this place was like the Roman Empire. And the Wild West. And w*r-torn Poland. And Poland. There was just a lot going on, so what you wore to work was the least of anybody's worries. And in that chaos, I soared. Hey. Ed's Tires is thinking of making a change. They have some great kitchen ideas. It's small, I know. Thanks, Michael. [Michael palms Dwight cash in their handshake] Wait, what is this? Wh- I don't need $6 to help a friend. Michael, you know I can't take this. But don't forget you owe me $10. I was going to use today to purge my inbox, but now something much more pressing has come up. I'm not gonna do that. I can get there. Oh, awesome. [sighs] It's firm. I don't know that I can do that now. You know, uh, something's come up. No, Mose is fine. I roped it off. It's not about Mose. Listen, things are changing here, Michael, they're changing fast. Imagine... Someone has a personal hero they really wanna help. But then there's this new guy. Very cool, very Will Smith-esque, who would not like it if he helped his hero. Good, do you see what I'm saying? No. No. It is possible that I could be talking about us. It is the situation that we are in now. I'm not a barbarian. I will. Yes? I've said too much. Okay. [Charles comes from around corner] Hi, Michael. No, Mich-Michael. Michael, no, let's be cool, ok? Yes. We need to talk about our two companies, and how we should behave. Dwight tells me you've been pestering him for company info. Michael, I want you to stop pestering my salesmen, and I want you to leave Dunder Mifflin alone. Do you understand? I. Understand. Nothing. Michael, are you alright? Yeah. We can't help you if you don't just tell us what happened. [on phone] Dwight Schrute. I think you have the wrong number, Michael. Michael! Finally. Dammit! [hangs up] And you have bad skin. Oh, look everyone, we're all making observations! [gibberish sounds] I spent a month putting that rolodex on his Blackberry, which he now uses as a nightlight. Michael has been talking to my biggest client. Master and apprentice pitted against one another for the fate of the greater Scranton area paper market. So it's not exactly like 'Highlander,' but still... I would like to arrange a truce. Meet me in our spot in four minutes. Michael. In which direction? At what time? That- [looking at his watch] Michael. [Madge walks by] Sorry. Michael. You were making me do things that were not all right. And not come through for you? I want a truce. Let me take you and your whole company out for lunch at Alfredo's. I had fish yesterday. Damn it. Oh, hi, Michael. I'm so sorry I'm late. I got stuck in traffic. I h*t a bear. He's technically fine. I imagine the true horror will be when he wakes up in a zoo. [throws a fish into the vent at Michael's office] Hey, listen, will you do me a favor and order the meatball parm for me, with extra cheese? Ok, I will see you very soon, alright? [takes all the items off Michael's desk and puts them into briefcase, including rolodex] Oh my God, I think we've been robbed! Did you enjoy your lunch? No, Michael, you were sabotaged. Me. I broke it. Yes. You think this is some kind of game? No, this is a w*r, and I will not stop, I will not rest. You have no idea what kind of enemy you've created. You have unleashed the wolf! And I knew that you would do that. The meatball parm is their worst sandwich! And say hello to Cheri, who is your black wife. [hangs up and answers cell phone] I see you're begging for mercy, huh? Well, you will find none here. Sure. That'd be fine. This is w*r and that is what happens. Oh, no. No. No. No. No. Michael! Michael! Mr. Schofield's ready to see you now, Mr. Scott. Don't let him in! He's a traitor! Michael! Michael, good to see you. Mr. Schofield, good to see you. And I'm closing the door. [Dwight runs out of the office] Really? Oh man, he got me so good. I learned something about myself today. Yeah. I wish this was a sofa, cause I feel like I could sit here and talk for hours. Dwight, I'm in a meeting. La la la! Continuing. Notice my persistence and recall. Continuing! You called Dunder Mifflin, and your order was filled within an hour! Come on. Why don't you guys just e-mail me your best offers and we can finish it up that way? Uh, ok, sure. Excuse me? How is Tom, the h*m* h*m*? 30 in the morning. Do you know where your kids are? If you are Ryan's parents or Pam's parents or my parents, you do. They're gonna be in this van. With me. Who am I? Nothing to fear. I am just a 44 year old guy with a paper route. 00 AM deliveries for a couple weeks now. Ever since I've gotten clean there's something about fresh morning air that... just really makes me sick. You didn't happen to bring any coffee, did you, Michael? Oh, awesome. You're a life saver. [drinks from coffee cup] Wait, is this just milk and sugar? Do you drink this every day? Every morning. Been there, done that. Michael, we should really consider getting a delivery guy. Why would I love that? Can we afford a delivery guy? Most dorm rooms don't even have that. Let's see what a delivery guy costs. Come along, afterthought. Well, if these numbers you gave me are correct-- Then you can't afford to pay him anything. Your prices are too low. But you need to use a variable cost pricing model. Okay. As you sell more paper and your company grows, so will your costs. For example, delivery man, health care... ...business expansion-- At these prices, the more paper you sell, the less money you'll make. They're actually putting you out of business. It's a program. There's no such thing-- Did it help? Oh, okay. [kisses Pam] Don't worry about it. Steve Martin's not dead, Michael. You want to hear something sad? I went to Fort Lauderdale. Yeah, it was amazing. There was a great Pad Thai place, though. You've never had Pad Thai. Okay, so I'll be back in, um-- back in a bit. Hey, can I talk to you guys for a second? Actually here for something else. He's bluffing, Pam. Oh! Oh! See I'm here to learn as little information as possible. All I really need to hear is if your incredibly successful company would be receptive to a buyout. Three yeses. I will see you titans of industry upstairs. Missed the last part. Got it. Okay, so you are not going to reveal in any way that we're broke. That we're having any problem at all. Just to reiterate, none of us is going to say anything that might indicate that we are going broke. Right, right. There is no way in hell that I am going to say that we're broke. No, Michael. We have to come from a position of strength. Just put it out of your mind. It is. I'm good. Hi. Michael, in order to expedite these negotiations, we are prepared to make you a very generous offer. Michael, you haven't even heard-- $12,000. Here's the situation. Your company is four weeks old. I know this business. I know what suppliers are charging. I know you can't be making very much money. I don't know how your prices are so low, but I know it can't keep up that way. I'm sure you're scared. Probably in debt. This is the best offer you're gonna get. Okay, now I don't know that I can get this. I do have to go to the board for approval. How's about $60,000. Hmm? $60,0000. Michael? Mm-hmm. Okay, yes. Please take the room. Be right outside. Take your time. $60,000. So you've thought it over, yes, and you accept our offer. We can finally put this whole thing behind us? Hmm? Why are you assuming you'd get the whole thing? No, Michael's right. Jobs are safer. Yeah, discuss these things-- Shut up, shut up. Hello? They don't make them anymore. That's very kind of you to say, David. No. Uh, you already have a new receptionist-- Pam's not a salesperson. Okay. Please continue. Ryan cost Dunder Mifflin hundreds of thousands of dollars, Michael. Ryan is-- Do you realize what you're asking for here? You're talking about salary plus health benefits-- Insurance, taxes, social security for three people. This is a heck of a lot more than 60 grand. You're talking about a multi-million dollar buy-out. Your company cannot be worth that much. Michael-- Okay. Deal. Okay? Alright! Yes! Can you believe it? That's what I'm talking about! Hey, guys-- At least once a year, I like to bring in some of my Kevin's Famous Chili. The trick is to undercook the onions. Everybody is going to get to know each other in the pot. I'm serious about this stuff. I'm up the night before pressing garlic and dicing whole tomatoes. I toast my own Ancho chilies. It's a recipe passed down from Malone's for generations. It's probably the thing I do best. [whispering] Who is it? [whispering] It's Michael Scott. [applause; Michael jumps through sign] Hold it up. Conference room, five minutes. [after a few moments of silence] Wh--what are you doing? Okay. People are dressed inappropriately. Can you give us a hint? When I needed salespeople for my new paper company, everyone here turned their back on me. Am I going to ask them to beg for forgiveness? No. Am I going to ask for big, crying apology? No. Am I going to ask them to slit their wrists for me? No. I just want a tiny, microscopic version of that. Nothing. I didn't say anything. Do I still have a job here? How is that going to work? Yeah , aren't we getting those clients back? I call foul, sir. You were bought out. So the company then bought out all of the stolen clients. Well, I was in the Seminary for a year and dropped out 'cause I wanted to have sex with this girl, Cathy. Followed her to Scranton. Took the first job I could find in H.R. Later she divorced me. So no, I wouldn't say I have a passion for H.R. Oh, thanks, man. Thank, Michael. That one's great. You look so classy in that picture. Hey, you have a second? Yeah, I think you're going to want to cool it with that 'cause it's starting to upset the other salesmen. Tough. This is awkward to talk about, but there may or may not be--but definitely is--a mutiny forming in the warehouse right now. It's gotta be because they all want their clients. The old Michael Scott might have taken this, but not the new Michael Scott. They are in for a bitter surprise. I am not to be truffled with. Mm-hmmm. What you gotta do is you gotta go down to that warehouse and you gotta cr*ck some skulls. Chiklis style. Yes, but Chiklis Shield style. Not Commish style. Want to play a game? Lunch. A restaurant. I had Mexican food. That looks great. I can eat. It's pony. Dijonnaise. And you're a temp and I'm taking your phone. I'm confiscating this. We want our clients back or we quit, Michael. Me too. No, we gotta be deadly serious. We'll start our own paper company. The Schrute-Bernard-Lapin-Vance...Stanley Paper Company. You want us to apologize to you? That's completely backwards. Michael, you always said we were a family. Then you went after us. No matter how I look at this, I am in the wrong. And I have looked at this thing, like a hundred different ways. From my point of view, from their point of view...98 others. And the bottom line, I am in the wrong. I'm the bad guy. Gasp. Are you talking about a secret meeting? I don't know that first things about secret meetings. I'll do-- I'll do the best I can. Deceit does not come easy to me. You look like J-Lo. Are you giving us our clients back? Nobody likes that stuff except for you. Michael, just give us our clients back. That's all we care about. So? That's fair. I don't know. Sure. Let me just finish this turn. Challenge. I don't want to be biased, but I am very close to Ryan. You know that. Eh, she's nice, I guess. You know what? Best thing to do, Pros and Cons list. Well, that's-- Cons, Ryan. He defrauded the company. He has never made a sale. He definitely stole my iPod. You didn't hear my pros. Environmentally-conscious 'cause his mom drives him to work everyday. Mm-hmm. That's not true. I think she'd be a really good salesperson. And I won't. All right. You're right, sometimes when she's tired, she can be a little bit shrill. But that's not a weird voice. Take it easy. Ho-ho, man! Wow. [in a high-pitched voice] Honey! I want you to bring the garbage out. 'Cause I'm not going to have sex with you unless you bring out the garba-- There's not a single appropriate outfit in this whole--except mine, quite honestly. Just tell me. No, okay. Okay, I get it. [Michael laughs] Why are you giggling? Is this a joke? [Michael continues to laugh] Michael, is this-- did I get the job? I did? For real, you're not kidding? I did? Oh, Michael, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. You will not be sorry. Oh. [laughing] I really thought I didn't get it. What about Ryan? Yeah. Maybe you shouldn't fake f*re people anymore. Thanks, Michael. Erin. [opens door] Erin. Michael wants to see you. Hi. Have a seat. Oh, I can go. Oh! Is--do the people-- Oh! Do they not like me, though? Not cool. [Dwight still laughing] [caught by camera crew dancing to "At the Car Wash", but laughing] Oh, no. I still have the lease on the Michael Scott Paper Company, so occasionally I will sneak down here for a little coffee and dancing. I actually dance all the time. Tip-toeing around corporate - it is a ballet. When I am breaking all the rules, I am break dancing. And expresso. I do. Oh, I can't do lunch. I was just sending you an email. Jim and I need to leave early today to meet with our contractor. Just sent it. What about the rest of you? [complete silence] At Dunder-Mifflin there is a very strict no lunch with the boss policy and I don't know who instituted it. I think it started right after my predecessor stepped down, but at the Michael Scott Paper Company I really enjoyed having lunch with Pam and Ryan everyday. So, rules be damned, I wanna have lunch with these people. Now that I'm back to doing the job of a temp, again, I find that food is one thing I can control. Michael, we have a lot of work to do. Work. Oh, no. Your battery fell out. Michael? Michael sorry to bother you. Are you going to be working down here? Do you want these down here now? Well, I like to swim. You have a cool place to come hang. Thanks. Wow. Now I do got it. Oh, yeah. That's rule #1. Whew. I love it. Guys, I believe that I have figured out what is up your butts. There's no reason to be scared. The bad man is gone.Charles is gone. Charles really did a number on these guys. They are way too focused on work. When I was in charge, this place was like Dave and Buster's People just hanging out, having, fun, eating apps. I don't know. It's like [pause] Dave d*ed or something. Please don't refer to yourself as our daddy. [baby voice] Wittle Andy is afwaid. Yes. No. What? That makes sense. Is this our punishment for not wanting to have lunch with you? This is like a haunted coffeehouse thing? It's like a haunted disco. It's a combo dance house coffee bar. It's a cafe disco. So, like, a disco cafe? Wha - No. No. Not even close. I can't force you to go down but I can entice you. I'm gonna be down there. Erin will be down there from time to time... and all-you-can-eat espresso. Yeah. Yeah. This place is great. I'm sorry. Come. Kevin, come. Kevin, come. Come on, right now. [to Michael] Is there a cookie? Wha - Completely unacceptable. Mmm-hmm. Hi. Hey. I like. Oh! Mother ******! Back! [moans in pain] Wow! Sorry! Hey! Hey, hey, hey! I got your text. Who's Phillip? It's my back. Call a doctor. No. Call Bob. Yeah. Back injuries are common. Not as common as knee injuries but more common than wrist injuries. What do you think history is? It's just, we need to get her out of here because no one is going to want to go in there with a woman writhing around on the floor. Wait, wait, wait. But most importantly we need to get her some medical attention. ASAP. Stat. Out of the way! Move it or lose it! Oh, my God! What happened? You want to get sick you go to the hospital. What happened to Phyllis? Can you please go back to work instead of masterminding these situations were in we hurt ourselves? I would like the memory of a day uninterrupted by this nonsense. Yes. Like unplug the coffee machine and bring it up here. Forget the sandwich. Girls. Girls. I'm not sure, but I'm pretty sure I'm in a dance off. Alright! I hear it, too, Boss. Oh yeah. you've got a knot in your crest. This remedy has been passed down in my family for generations. and it always works. My grandfather was told that Diamond Dancer would never race again. they were wrong. He came in 9th in the Apple Creek Derby and his jerky came in 3rd the following year. A majestic beast. So fast. So tender. Stop! No. I didn't come down here to get wet and wild. I just need you to sign these. No. You need to sign them all. Look, I hate to be "that" person but I just don't like the general spirit of music. Boss, this used to hang from my windshield but it belongs in here. When I say it out loud it's so silly. [they both laugh] You are forcing me to be down here. Am I not allowed to have some fun? We should probably stop by. It'd mean a lot to him. What dance competition? I was just dancin' casual with my friends, y'all. We're gonna stay. Yeah. At least for one more dance. Yeah. Normally I don't condone leaving early, but I have an appointment with the horse doctor. How that horse became a doctor, I don't know. [laughs heartily] No, I'm kidding. He's just a regular doctor who sh**t your horse in the head when its leg is broken. [silently counting] Three, two, one... [Erin turns on the office lights, all laugh loudly] You had to be there. Oh yay! Geography joke. [still laughing, notices the time] Oh! Wow! Okay. Alright, let's all go home. Come on. See you all tamale. Michael, isn't that Holly? Oh no, I see they're letting just anybody in here. All right. Hi. You remember AJ, my boyfriend? Hey Michael. Lemonade sounds great. I'd love an iced tea, actually. You can go to hell. [laughs] I'm kidding. Um, sure, I will get you the best iced tea in the world. Come on, folks! We're designing a house. For us. I like that. Put me down for a pair. I'm a size 34 waist. You guys are really gonna do this? You bet your fat ass we are. Yep, the old comedy team is back together again. [in a New York accent] Have ya hoyd the news? Extry! Extry! Read all about it! [to Phyllis] Had to be part of the group. [laughs] Ooh, yes please. [takes a bite] Mmm. So what do you have planned for us today? Hmm? Do you have a script for the sketch, or... I don't hear cheaters, tramps, or women who break my friend's heart. Let's go! [gasps] We could do Back to the Future. We have to convince Dunder and Mifflin to go back in time... fix their parents. [both laugh] Jaws. They swim in the ocean and they terrorize the whole community. Dun-der. Dun-der... Oh... We haven't found our great idea yet. Oh. Welcome to the 43rd Annual Company Picnic, everybody. Thanks for being here. Now, a couple of employees have volunteered to entertain us with a song. Okay, introducing Scranton's Michael Scott performing with Nashua's Holly Flax! I have not seen this. [applause] SlumDunder Mifflinaire! [laughter] Are you ready to play SlumDunder Mifflinaire? For one hundred dollars, where did Dunder meet Mifflin? A.) On easy street, B.) a tour of Dartmouth College, C.) they never met, D.) brushing their teeth? That is correct! [both run to another side of the stage, acting out a different scene] How did you know that?! [pantomimes electrocuting Michael] [now pretending to be Dunder and Mifflin] Nice campus. Think you'll get in? I'm Robert Dunder. Robert Mifflin had a great life. But unfortunately, had undiagnosed depression, which over nine million Americans suffer from and is very treatable. For two hundred and fifty dollars, how did he k*ll himself? A.) A rope, B.) a Kn*fe, C.) a g*n, D.) brushing his teeth! That is correct! The economic downturn has been difficult recently, forcing the closures of both Camden and Yonkers, to be followed soon by what other branch? For five-hundred thousand dollars, is it A.) Scranton, B.) Buffalo, C.) Utica, or D.) toothbrush! [pantomimes biting off Michael's fingers, Michael screams] How did you know that?! They didn't know? How could you possibly think that the right way to announce a branch closing was in a comedy sketch at the company picnic? What about the fact that they're here today? What about that? That didn't throw up any alarms? No, Michael needed a little bit for his comedy sketch, and he thought, "oh, this would be really funny." Damn it, Michael, I told you that in confidence. Now I have to go over and deal with these employees and their families. A little boy just walked up to me and said, "is my daddy gonna have a job by Christmas?" Oh man, I am so mad that Pam got hurt! Argh!! Rrrraah!!! [kicks volleyball into the woods, calmly] I'll get it. [walks slowly toward the woods] Hindsight. How do you think it went before the Buffalo thing? There weren't any laughs. Yeah, but we wrote it specifically for this audience. Well, I'm glad we did it. I loved it. You know, there was a part near the end that seemed like that went on a little long, but... [laughs] Okay. So good to see you. Michael. [they shake hands] Okay.Andy & [crouching beside car] Jump over the camera! Jump over the camera! [Michael feebly attempts to jump off car, gives double thumbs up to camera] [to Michael's camera] Hardcore Parkour! If they get married before I do, I'm going to k*ll myself. Nobody. It's Eric and Megan. They're not getting married. It's just talk. There's nothing to know, it's just gossip. No, keep it up. [typing] Okay, let me finish this thought. [still typing] He most definitely does. He's been asking her out repeatedly for weeks. She finally said yes. They went out on a group date the other night; apparently it went very well. [still typing] People tell me things. I guess I have a face you can trust. I think it's because of my low cheekbones. And... boom. [finishes typing, turns to face Michael] Okay, what is it, what can't I guess? I hate, hate, hate being left out. Whether it's not being picked for a team, or being picked for a team and showing up and realizing the team doesn't exist. Or that the sport doesn't exist? I should've known. Poopball? What are you talking about? At Tink's? How'd you know about that? Did Stanley tell you? No, Stanley was with his wife. I waved at him, but he didn't wave back. No. [laughs, looks to camera excitedly] There he goes. There he goes. [Stanley gets up from his desk, walks into kitchen area] [stare blankly at Michael] Just keep it to yourself then. Stanley's way past the middle of his life. Especially considering his height to weight ratio. Teri's out of town, Michael. Teri, Stanley's wife. She's at an interior decorating expo in Philly. Stanley hates crowds, kids, and music. I think you should check your facts. [starts to speak, says nothing, walks away] What are you talking about? He was definitely with somebody. [chuckles] If that was his sister, then what they were doing was totally illegal. Making out. [fumbling for words] Mmm... okay. Uhh... hmm... okay. Never mind. Carry on. WHAT?? I am very happy right now. Thrilled perhaps, to be part of the office, to be part of the conversation. When you have somebody's attenton, and their eyes are lighting up because they are very interested in what you have to say, [Michael is seen whispering to Jim, then Pam] that is a great feeling, and I experienced that firsthand today. It is wonderful to be the center of attention. Q. T. T! Yes! Yes! That is a "T", and there's another one right there. Just sound that out. You're almost there. I'm meeting a client. Do you have a problem with that? Goodbye. [walks away] [approaching Michael] You have to stop this. I did. From you. You gotta stop telling people. Do you know if it's true? Do you have any idea? Because you might be ruining his life. [stares at Jim silently, then walks away] [as Michael gets in car] That is ridiculous. Of course not, why would you think that? [hits steering wheel angrily] Damn! I told her it was a stupid idea to go up in that club. It's just that... Teri's been traveling a lot... And it's been lonely. Cynthia's been keeping me company. She was my nurse, when I was in rehabilitation. We used to go on these long walks on the treadmill... I didn't... Yeah, but Michael, I'm going to go break it off. That's where I'm headed right now. I swear. I just need you to promise not to say a word about this to anyone. Michael, please. I'm counting on you, Michael. [sighs] I might have extra, it just depends on how many I eat. Yeah... what do you mean exactly? Reeeeally. Uh huh. [gestures to Kevin to keep it quiet] Alright? Kelly has an eating disorder? She always eats my lunch. We should do something. Nothing can be done, we just have to tell everybody and hope for the best I guess. Really? Andy Bernard?? Mm hmm. Really? A few months, that's why they're rushing the wedding. [whispering] Guys, guys... you can't believe everything you hear. Like Stanley, having an affair? That is crazy! It's just... there's no stalking it. It's a weird day for false facts. Let it go. [in unison] Yes. Yeah, sure, but... who's been saying all that stuff? I heard it from Michael. [to Michael] Where are you going? Come on, boss. [reluctantly exits elevator] Even the fact that I'm gay? [relieved] Yes! No. We heard that about Jim. How is that a bad rumor? [pissed off] You told everyone I was having an affair? Michael... am I gay? Stop. Don't. Just... Nope. It's true! [talking head with Jim] It's clear why we were trying not to tell people. That's clear now. [Jim nods, looking at floor] [look at each other uncertainly] Michael, we only told our parents last week. I did. It was inconclusive. [exchanges looks with Jim] You're right. We should've realized that you are an equal part of this. Michael, Teri Hudson returning your call. [in disbelief] You called Stanley's wife? Don't take it. If you talk to her, you're gonna tell her about Stanley, and that's gonna seem more suspicious. You can't do this. Michael, please don't. [gets up to leave room, Michael gestures for him to stay] [hangs up Michael's phone, leaves room] You wanted to see me? Yeah sure. Is everything okay? I'm sure everything will be fine. [pulls up a chair] What do you? What's the procedure, if you don't mind my asking? Okay. [sighs] Oh my God. So Michael, do you think you can give me a run down on the Buffalo clients by Monday? Okay, I will look at it Monday. Hey, Good luck. Ah, this is just me and David, if that's okay. No, ah it's okay Michael. We got it. Yeah. [nods] Okay. [Jim smiles and waves to Pam] Am I worried that Jim and David are having a meeting without me? No, because we are the Three Amigos. And once in awhile one of the Amigos will go off... to the bathroom... while the other two have a secret meeting. [shrugs] Okay, it's just three or four steps but thank you, thank you. Yeah, I think the pregnancy really brought us together. Ummm, I don't know. Did I? Doesn't sound like me, not very superstitious. Please don't talk about my breast milk. Yeah. Well, we did a little investigation and Dwight had a good point. The ladder didn't reach the top shelf. I don't know if I believe it, but I am a fan of the hardboiled detective novel. [impression] I'll punch you in da mush, see. Who was that? Michael, we would like to continue the rest of this meeting in private, please, if you don't mind. [spying on David and Jim] They've been in there a while. Can't be good. Think they're talking about me? Yeah, that makes way more sense. Okay thanks boss. What can I do for ya Hoss? Oh, I'm sorry Phyllis, you explain this email, okay. "Hey Andy let's go visit grandma and then get drunk together, ha ha." Shhh, I'm just trying to figure out what's going on in that room, okay? Wallace had to show up on the one four month period that I'm completely overwhelmed. You know when they say it's so crazy it just might work? Well, I don't believe that. I say go for the air-tight plan and that is why I am having Andy wheel me into the conference room inside a makeshift cheese cart. It is just elegant. I think he's around here... Ah, yeah, could we talk in your office for a second? Are you sure you're okay with these new responsibilites? I'm just trying to figure out the best way to utilize everyone's talents. What about Jim? Do you think Jim is someone who is ready to move into a management position? Please do. I thought you liked Jim? [reading performance report] "Constant office distractions, spends way too much time at reception, antagonizes other salesman, not at all what he thinks he is." Is there anybody else you think could run the day to day of the branch? Jim had an interesting idea to help you with this extra work load and it involved you being promoted to oversee all northeast sales and then Jim would be promoted to your position. Mmhmm. Sure. [after talking to David, Jim looks dejected] I can't help but feel partially responsible. When you were in the office earlier talking to Wallace, did I come up at all? Why don't we head in your office to talk? Michael, look I'll just be honest with you. Earlier today I spoke with Wallace about a promotion. I actually think that talk went really well. And then after he spoke with you, for some reason it felt like things had changed. Michael, did you say anything? Really? You will? Wanna do it right now? [on phone] This is David. Yep. So, what, you're changing your mind about Jim? Michael, it seems like you're cutting in and out... This is not what you said earlier. Well, it doesn't change what you showed me in Jim's file. So Dwight and Darryl came to an agreement that both would file complaints with corporate and now I get to do all this paperwork. We worked it out. How many times have I asked you to put me up for a branch manager job. So instead, you screwed me? David Wallace is calling. Should I tell him you'll call him back? I, yeah... no, I'll tell him myself. Let's both. Hey Michael, you got Jim there with you? Actually, can you call Jim in? I want him on, please. Hey guys, so I spoke to Alan, we had kind of an unconventional idea, which I think is pretty cool. But it only works if everyone's on board. Wow, that sounds pretty cool. Co-manager and Co-manager. See, there are a lot of moving pieces and this is the only way I can sell it upstairs. Okay people, listen up, I have an announcement to make, fraud was committed... I'm... I was making it. Co-manager of what? What's happening to you Michael? [in Michael's office] Could you please sign my expense report? [in Michael's office] I have a complaint about Jim. I would like to file a huge, enormous, massive complaint about the tallest guy in our office. Jim won't sign my expense report. No, that is huge. This has to do-- [at the door] Dwight, Jim wants you to keep it down. Michael... Can I talk to you in my office for a second? I have noticed that we-- Thank you. I've noticed we've been having a lot of conference room meetings. And I'm wondEring if perhaps those are a bit, um-- Yes. Okay, maybe we should talk specifics. Okay. Yesterday, we had a meeting about planets. I am. Right. Yes, I agree. I just think that maybe they're eating large amounts of the day. You mean on a weekend? How about this? I think our goal should be we don't have meetings unless they're absolutely essential. Really? You just agreed to that? Good. Good. [walks in, see's Oscar, Stanley, Creed and Kelly sitting in Michaels office] Okay, I thought I saw people missing. Really? Hey, Stanley, what was the last thing Michael said before I came through the door? Okay, Michael, I thought we agreed to not take up people's time with meetings like these. Michael, this is a conference room meeting. That's not what I meant. I disagree. Great. Guys, can I just have a moment alone with Michael? That is not what I said, and, also, I am co-manager, meaning you are not the only manager anymore. I am also I co-manager. That's exactly what Wallace told us. I love rivalries-- Michael or Jim, Paris or Nicole, Heidi or L.C. It's so much fun. But I guess if I'm really thinking about it and answEring your question honestly, I'd have to go with L.C. Heidi's a bad friend, and her skin is terrible. I'm not bossing you around. I'm trying to do my job, which is sharing your job, so maybe we should just call David Wallace. David Wallace is on line two for you guys. Hey, David. You got Jim here. Hey guys, um, I'm calling, because, unfortunately, we will not be able to give out cost of living raises this year, and I know people expect it. However, there just is only a small amount of money for each branch, so we're leaving it up to the managers to decide how to distribute it. It's probably a little of both. Wait, I'm sorry. Michael, are you-- are you texting me? Nope, not at all. Alright, thanks alot, David. You don't have to lie. Right. We have. Do you mean, like break-in in the middle of the night and change the numbers on payroll? Okay. You know what would help is a pros and cons list for our options. It's hard to tell so far. I'm sorry, are you advocating that I use it less? You just came up with that. Yeah. Okay, so for the 1.5% increase, pro-- everyone gets a little bit. Con-- no one gets as much as they did last year. Pro-- no favoritism. You know, the more I think about it, the more I think we should give it to the salesmen. I know. I just think it seems smart to keep the salesmen happy right now. 'Course I know that this might come off as biased, so you know what? Let us... I'm not gonna let you stop me from thinking. Michael. Look, you have a lot of strengths. I think that you are able to take constructive criticism very well. But there is a reason why I'm here! No, it's because you also have a lot of weaknesses, Michael! I don't think you're good at making tough decisions! At thinking out the options, and then stating that decision very clearly, especially when it's an unpopular decision. But maybe I'm here for a reason, because I might have some good ideas, too. I've been sitting out there, and I've been learning a lot, and maybe I can just bring something different to the table. [leave the conference room to address everyone] Wow! I'm just gonna rewind and back off a bit, so... [imitates a tape rewinding and chuckles, Michael comes over by Jim laughing] We just need to hear your plan for our raise. We would just like to know what's happening. Are we getting a raise, yes or no? This isn't a game, you know? It's our livelihood! Rank each person individually? [sarcastically] Well, obviously. Too bad he's a temp and doesn't count, so let's get started. [starts to write on a piece of paper] [to camera, holds up a bean] Each Boston Baked Bean represents half a percent raise. We each got 24 beans, so the idea is, you place the bean on the picture [walking around the table] of who you think deserv-- who's that? [picture that Michael drew of toby, looks like a monster] He's not a part of this. You know that. Okay, your move. Here we go. Okay, you're gonna still have to play that bean. You know that. Things were not this bad when just Michael was manager. No, I mean, what do you say to my plan? [all groan] Okay. What does a bean mean? Uh, on a scale of one to ten, I'd say I'm about a four. Six. You? I mean, a performance-based raise sounded like a good idea, right? We tried to find the fairest way to do it. I just-- what? [Michael give Jim a "World's Best Boss" mug] Thank you. What's in here? Ooh! [Dwight peels a hard-boiled egg at his desk, sniffs it and takes a bite; Pam stares at him, picks up her trash can and pukes into it] Watching people get sick always makes me sick. And... frankly so does talking about it. So... wow... [Andy, Phyllis, Meredith, Erin, Oscar and Angela all proceed to throw up in various places while Creed looks on eating a bowl of noodles; Dwight stares shocked; Pam wipes her mouth with a satisfied look] Yeah, but aren't you supposed to do that to our... no. It's great. Well, congrats. Really, Pam... Ow! He pinched me! See you later. [others say good-bye] What happens in Niagara, stays in Niagara. [laughter] No... I didn't steal your joke. But you can say that about anything. Oh yeah. It's easy. That's what I'm saying. This is what I'm talking about. When we leave here and go up to Niagara Falls we are representing Dunder Mifflin, everyone. This is a very important wedding for the branch. The most important wedding until I get married. So, I want you all on your best behavior or so help me, God. So... I will see you up there in Viagra Falls! I stole the guest list from Jim's desk and I search engined every female on both sides of the family. Yes. For instance, Pam's cousin, Jocelyn Webster. Two years ago she was selling a mountain bike. She had a couple hundred dollars to spend, I mean, if she was able to sell her bike. Well, if this is in fact her because it is a very common name. We should have hired a professional to take our mental pictures. What? No way! Oh. God. You know what? I made you a cd... Mmm-hmm. This is to play when you bring a woman back to your hotel room. You're gonna like this. [Dwight's voice on the cd] "Hello. This is Dwight Schrute. If you are listening to this you are a lucky woman Michael has seduced. Ah to be in your shoes. 'What's next?', you're probably wondering. Don't be scared of you're night in heaven--" [Michael turns off cd] Yeah. It's practical. I'm gonna need the name and cell phone number of the housekeeper responsible for changing the sheets, please. The proximity to the falls makes everything smell like a basement. I'm sorry, sir, but I'm not seeing you in here. When did you make your reservation? Here's your key, Mr. Schrute. No way. What if I meet someone? No. No. You would? Really? Wait a second. Oh. No, no, no. This must be some kind of mistake. This reservation seems to be under an M. Scott. This must be yours. Oh no. Now that I don't have a room, can I stay with you? Please? Mmm-hmm. Ok. Ok. A-ha-ha! [rips reservation out of Michael's hand] That was a test. You have failed. For this is my room. You would not share with me. No you do not. It worked. Jerk. Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Hudson. Are you crazy? I brought Cynthia with me. I got one queen size bed. A queen size bed is five feet wide. I am not five feet wide, Michael. Blow my brains out. Michael, I have one extra twin bed, if you want. No. Oh. Hi. Nice to meet you. Michael, I thought we discussed that we would rather you not speak, like, at all. Because it's just going to be blood relatives, I think. Pretty sure everyone heard that. Jim and Pam, I can't tell you how happy I am to be here. It's just for family. Isabel Poreba. Oh, I've got stuff on her. [laughs] In 1996 her tenth grade volleyball team went 10-2. You know what? Never too married for a noogie. A little mo' cardio. Knight Rider. No. Very smart. No. Pam can't drink? I didn't-- I shouldn't have said that. I don't know why I did. She can do whatever she wants, though she shouldn't. She shouldn't because she's an alcoholic. Pam is an alcoholic. That's not true. I-- no. What we want-- the real reason is that, that Pam's pregnant. They were living together? Michael. Oh, my God. Please. Michael. Michael. Stop. Alright. Mema. I can't believe it was me. Is there something about being a manager that makes you say stupid things? I'm so sorry. Oh, my God. Are you serious? There's gonna be a free room? Oh. You're that foul guy that kept talking about intercourse. Yes. Yep. One in the same. May I? I want to go to bed but I can't. I can't turn that television off. Oh. Thank you. It was that horrible Charlie Rose. People are like cats and dogs these days. This used to be such a great country. I don't know what happened to it. You mean, Sylvia. No. What? It's a casual, social outfit. No. They're howling at the moon. It's suggestive to women because of the howling during sex. I'm just worried about the farm, ya know? Mose hates to geld the horses by himself. I invented a device called 'Burger on the Go'. It allows you to obtain 6 regular size hamburgers, or 12 sliders, from a horse without k*lling the animal. George Foreman is still considering it. Sharper Image is still considering it. Sky Mall's considering it. Hammacher Schlemer is still considering it. Sears said, 'No'. Michael. Drop this one. Abort. I found twins. Aren't they magnificent? I love finding a good set of twins. Uh... I love you. Okay, I gotta--I gotta go! Goodbye. [hangs up phone] Oh my goodness. You'll have Pam to answer to. "Jim... hey why don't you braid my hair. I want to watch TV." No. No that was real. Okay. [lays on bed] Really? I hadn't noticed. Too busy knocking boots. I'm ravenous after a night of love making. You? Hey, what was she like? Brides side or grooms side? Or townie? No kidding. I bet she had hairy armpits. Isabel was nice, but I hope she doesn't think this is going anywhere. No. Oh please. Put a g*n in my mouth. Look. She's a dental hygienist from Carbondale and she makes love like one. She's a bumpkin. Pass. You should ask her out. It was my scrotum. Um, and it was. Thank you. [turns back to other woman] So, uh tell me again the difference between Filene's and Filene's basement. I'm standing. I'm a bridesmaid. The peeing is fast, Oscar. It's getting my tie back on. Oh, yeah--[hands Michael a snack] No. Oh, no, no, no. That's okay. I was just--I've had a very rough weekend. Relax. You'll get your sh*t at Jim. Those two treat the whole office like a 1970's key party. Oh-- Oh that sounds awful. Oh-- Yeah. Guess it is. Sisters in the can and we totally want to get her when she comes back. Well we are here now, so let's just-- Okay then! [takes flower girl to dance down the isle] Well the "fun" is in it. [conference room group chimes agreement.] [halfway out] Yeah, I know. Golf. Stock market. Dave Matthews. Uh, small things. Peas, ball bearings, dimes... The weekend! Well I caught my son taking a dump on the upper part of the toilet. He calls it an upper decker. Then do it. Write a book. [Michael walks in office, man waits on couch] Mr. Grotti, this is Michael Scott. He's the person you should talk to. In your schedule it just says nine til noon is "creative space" and I thought this could be part of that. You don't have anything in the afternoon. It just says "free play." Ah. As a manager of business, you have a lot of pride. None greater perhaps, than your need to be sure, that your small or large business is secure in the event of a covered loss. Okay. God forbid you... should have a f*re in the warehouse. Yeah, and a truck, goes off the side of the road, there's injury. You will be hearing from me Mr. Scott. I can be very very persistent. Do your worst. [they shake hands] Would you look at that people? What an unpredictable world we live in, huh? What happened in there? Did he thr*aten you? Mobsters are! No, not that, by itself. But look at all the facts. He seems like a mobster. For the record, not all Italian-Americans are in the Mafia. Exactly. Oscar says I checked out huh? Huh. [nods head] Well first of all, there is no such thing as 'The Mafia.' What you have are specific families. What's the guy's last name? No I disagree. "R" is among the most menacing of sounds. That's why they call it "m*rder." And not "muck-duck." Lock your door! You're right. You're right. [Pam hangs up] Oh, okay bye. Already? This, this guy is persistent! That's bad. That's bad. Yeah right! You heard him! He's gonna burn down the warehouse or run one of our trucks off the road. He's right. Cops can't do anything until a crime has been reported. Not only that, but if they find out you snitched, you get a dead horses chopped off head in your bed! You know what? That's how it works! The only way to defeat a bully is to stand up to him. Trust me, I have bullied a lot of people. [snaps fingers] I like this plan. I'd like to officially withdraw my plan. No, no, no. My plan is out! We do this the hard way. What? To change tires, no. But it's metal, I can h*t somebody with it. You're wearing loafers! Forget it! Forget it! Oh! God! [smacks roaches] You'll never k*ll it that way. You want to separate the head from the thorax- Guys, guys. Cool it. There he is, there he is. Mr. Scott. So, you got this table? This is one of those half booths, can't-decide-what-it-is type of thing. That's fine. Oh he's not that nice. Hmm. Very true. Okay then. And for you sir? The... what? [with Soprano's inflection] You know, gabba-gool. What he's trying to say is, Gabba. Gool. I don't really think that we have that. Bring him the gabba-gool! Okay. Because... You would love it. Yes I can. Thank you so much, I really appreciate it. I'm sure he can handle a simple jump-start. Now come on, sit down. Where were we? He was trying to force you to decide on a policy. So we're choosing... Check out Dental? Just do it. Yes. I don't understand, why would you buy a policy? You were man enough to back down Michael, I'm proud of you. It wasn't a snap decision, you were sitting there for an hour. Do you know what "snap decision" means? It means like this. [snaps fingers] Hello? Michael? How did you get this number? Michael, we're on a catamaran. That sounds bad. I'm gonna help you through it all right? All you're gonna need to [faking a bad connection] and- it- and then go to-- And then you'll be saved. Just [drops] and then you'll be saved. A- ah-- And you'll be saved. I [drops out] at the Bermuda Triangle. An- M- please don't call again. Jim?!? [dial tone] Oh my God. Accounting-wise, no. But phone-wise, just call up and cancel it. Just- no. No. Michael. Incredible news. Grotti is clean. Class act. Boy scout. And he made us all look like chumps! [grunts] This is Grotti. Oh! Great. Michael, I'm finishing up your paperwork right now. I, I thought you'd be pleased. What? I don't get it. How was I scaring you? Whoa. Okay. Okay that's- That's good, let's wrap it up. Look, Michael, when we all calm down here, maybe at some point in the future, you change your mind, why don't you give me a call? [relaxing] Oh man. Next time you look in the mirror, you're gonna be looking at a guy who stood down the mafia! We just told you he wasn't mafia, so you wouldn't be scared. You made the mafia apologize to you! You made the mafia be polite! Oh man. I should be mad at you guys. But I'm not. Just to be clear, he backed down an insurance agent from Mutual of Harrisburg. Yes? Okay. Okay. How do you return coffee? [goofy voice] Frank and beans! Yeah! Its Jim and Pam, Michael. Yeah... Nope. Hi, Michael. Oh, I haven't see you since my accident that I had when I fell- I fell into the pool of acid, eyes first. Blind guy. Oh, 'cause you spent so much on the wedding. Oops, sorry. [slides candy back to Pam] Oops. Well, that's great. Congratulations. Who's the lucky lady? What? You're messing with me. You did not have sex with Pam's mom. What kind of car does she drive? [expletive] Oh my God. [Michael bangs the table] Oh my God. Okay, never tell Pam, and secondly- Oh, Jesus! Okay, as far as dinner tonight, cancel that, and please, for both our sakes, never, ever, ever see her again. No, not more than anything. Don't call her "the mom." Then take a different way home, man! Okay, so we're good. Yeah. Sure. Oh, is it okay if I put out some candy that Pam brought back from Puerto Rico? No, it- [high-pitched feedback as Jim starts to leave, feedback changes as he moves, turns over the mallard to see the listening devics, sighs, places mallard back on the desk] [giggles] Michael, you're all set at Botticelli's. I changed the reservation to two people. Fun! Wow, Botticelli's, that sounds like a special occasion. [laughs] I don't know. I think Michael has a date. [laughs] I think you have a date. Uh, I think we should just drop it... 'cause obviously he doesn't want to talk about it. Yes, you do. Just take the parrot. Okay, back to the old grind. Don't- Sounds complicated. Yeah, but I mean, if you really like this person, then you should see where it goes. Of course. Oh. Oh! Gossip, who is it? Who is it? Who is it, Michael? ...Who? No, no, no, no, no. Oh, no. Oh, my God! Oh, my God! Nooooo! [to Michael] You seem tense. Hey, you want me to give you the chills? There's an egg on your head and the yolk is running down, the yolk is running down... There's a Kn*fe in your back and the blood is gushing down... Trust me it would only make you mad. [opera continues, Dwight looks at Jim standing outside his office, waves, Jim waves back] Is this because of the 60 Minutes segment about working conditions in our Peruvian paper mill? And whoever comes up with the best idea gets a $50 gift certificate to the restaurant of his or her choice. [everyone claps and makes comments] Volunteerism is important. Every weekend I volunteer at the local animal shelter and they need a lot of help down there. Last Sunday I had to put down over 150 pets all by myself. Paint a mural of Chicano leaders. I have a way to make Scranton a better place, you could leave it. [laughter] Get out and stay out, bye... I love it, conservation. Let's start by conserving our time and stop having these stupid meetings. [stands up and cheers] No more meetings! No more meetings! No more meetings! No more meetings! [Stanley cheers her on in the background] Yes! Angela! Please... Thank you. Sure well first of all I think that we could totally... [to Angela] Shhh... Who's pickle? I'm not apologizing to anyone. Michael owes me an apology. That is not okay dude. You have no sense of boundaries Michael. I don't think there's a whole lot of sleeping going on. Whatever, you know, sleep with my mom, sleep with everybody's mom... Whoa, that's my mother you're talking about... Uhh, huh, ho... oooh my God, you are ridiculous! You are never going to be my father, you get out! This reminds me, you owe me three bucks for gas. Yeah, sure, what's up? Um, yeah, ah, ah, that means a lot. Thank you for saying it. Yeah, er... pull up a chair or sit on the shredder. Ah, you should probably deal with that outside of the work place. Ok, I mean, I could talk to her. Yeah... that's why they pay me the big bucks. [both laugh] [to Michael] What's the matter, you can't fight your own battles? [to Michael] Oh, would that make you feel better? [gets up and puts a hand on Michael's shoulder] Buddy, I think that... Michael, you're just her rebound! Barely, I... I don't have all the facts. Frank and Bean... Mmmmm, yes! Then why'd you even offer!? Michael, let me make this very easy for you, I could give a sh[beep] about your happiness! Stop dating my mother! What's that supposed to mean? Yep... Punishment fits the crime, I accept. [shakes Jim's hand and leaves] Night Michael. YAY! We are doing a haunted house this Halloween. Which is actually kinda spooky because, as legend has it, on this very site there used to be a productive paper company. Yeah! [a chair falls over, Michael is seen hanging from the ceiling with a noose around his neck - the kids scream] Kids, just remember, su1c1de is never the answer. Alright? Why is Christmas the only holiday that can have a message? What the hell is wrong with you? Who wants candy? Wow. I bet we would. Cool. Mmm-hmm. Who doesn't? That is a mistake. Alright. Let's clear this up. [on phone] Well, there's actually been a few changes in the company and Michael and I are actually at the same level. So, I can- no. Nope. Why would that be a problem? Great. See ya' then. They said that they would feel more comfortable if you came along. I absolutely don't understand, either. Alright. Sure. Michael's a good teacher. A teacher is someone who stands right next to you your whole life and never lets you do anything. That's what a teacher is, right? Dave. Dave. Yeah. I've spoken to them on the phone. Yes, it is. No thanks. Mmm-hmm. ...and paper. Except it was going to resolve the melody, so now my head hurts. Feels like I held in a sneeze. Mmm! I hate this feeling. [sings] Suite 401. You're soaking wet. Wow. Sounds scary. I don't think it rained. My hip would be throbbing. Michael, can I get you something? A towel? Some cocoa? I'll just leave that suit in your office then. [Michael is walking around in one of Jim's suits] Um, Michael? The custodian from Raskin Design is on the line. He said they found your keys in the Koi pond. Did you say 'Koi pond'? Michael, people are asking questions. Michael, did you you fall into a Koi pond? Mmm... it's like Michael said. It was some- something else. So you fell in? So a child had fallen in? That is hilarious. [extends hand for a fist bump] Let me tell you something. I was never gonna make that sale. Staples? [Kevin clears his throat] Uh, David Wallace called. He heard you made a big splash at the meeting. Oh, my God. That was so mean what I just said and I didn't mean it. It was Kevin and Meredith put me up to it. Michael, don't listen to them. You just ignore their carp. Michael? Hey, boss, did you find Nemo? Michael, flounder is both a kind of fish and - I know what a flounder is. I'm not usually the butt of the joke. I'm usually the face of the joke. I wish Jim had fallen into that pond and he'd have to put on my suit and it'd be too short and he'd look... Damn it! He'd still look good. Michael, you make fun of us every day. Yeah. Every single day. Uh, we have. Countless times. That's never the case. I don't want people making fun of my nose. It's too small. Hey! It's on the list, everybody. I don't want people making fun of my weight. I don't want to say it out loud. I really didn't want to put it on the board but I thought maybe it was gonna come out somehow so... what are you gonna do? [she writes 'sex with a t*rror1st'] Um, Michael? The custodian called again. Apparently a Koi has d*ed. [everyone shows remorse] They want you to pay for it. When is the funeral? $300. Ok. Great meeting, everybody. That's it. Thank you. [everyone begins to leave] I think you just gotta ride this one out, man. No, they don't. Maybe if you make fun of yourself it'll all go away. Really? Do it. I am a big, stupid goofball. See? Oh, my God. Michael. You know, when you think about it, it's not all your fault. I mean, who puts a Koi pond in a lobby? Michael, please. Stop it now. You're embarrassing yourself. I was. Well, we'll deal with it as it comes. Guys. Michael can't handle this and as your boss I'm saying we're not watching it. What are you doing? No. Oh... man. I thinke when I started to see you go in I think I just froze. I should've grabbed you. I'm sorry. Look, I thought I could've done today's sales call alone. I mean, I may never be as good a salesman as you are, but I at least need the chance to do the job. Jim, I think I'm in your way. [leans back - they both exit] [laughing] He's alright. Thanks Michael. Good morning Michael. Hungry? Fish sticks are not an aphrodisiac. You're thinking of deer penis. Regardless. That was over two hours ago and it is now a scientific fact that you are hungry. [holds up tray] Bagel? K. I brought cheese too. Excellent. Thank you. [they hug] [comes over to hug them both] My girls. There they are. [Pam walks away] I think you guys all remember my mom from the wedding. Hi. Tell her how you gave it to me. He put it around my neck while I was still asleep this morning. What a nice way to wake up. Because of sex? Kevin! Pam's sales are fine actually. Thank you. Andy is complicating things. But I'm not worried. This will only up my game. I use to love coming here. The chicken parm is good. Big part of my childhood. Oh, maybe Michael will start dating that too. [sees table decorated with a banner and balloons] Oh my God! Michael, you did all this? Well, thank you. All of you. Oh you'll love it. You can have my guide books. I think I'm done with those really long plane rides. 49 again? That's nine years in a row. This is now our longest family tradition. Oh, burn. Burn on you... and a little bit on me, too. [they laugh] No. I'm 58. Uh huh. Congratulations. Oh, Michael what do you think? Grandma? Yay, Grandma! Maybe. Oh, oh no. I don't think so. Oh no, I think a triathlon is pretty much something I can rule out. It just-- doesn't interest me. Hmm... I might have done it when I was younger, but now there's just other things I'd rather be doing, instead of running and jumping and swimming-- Oh-- No, no... [laughs] You want to go snowboarding? Michael, what are you talking about? [sighs] Nothing. Just life-- and doing things-- before you die. I don't know. Okay, well, allow me. You know what-- gosh these tacos are awfully complicated to make. I will make everyone's tacos! Gra-ga-ga-ga-ga! What about your gift Michael? I'm sure I won't. Aww-- [opens present, reads inscription] A scrapbook of our first memories by Michael Gary Scott. For my girlfriend Helene on your birthday. [laughs] That's amazing. [looking through the book] A poem! I think it's wonderful, absolutely wonderful. You set the bar so high. Hey. Where'd you go? And then you stopped at the bar on the way back? Okay, weirdo. Come on. It's time for cake. Oh, I know. I love how they use butter cream frosting. Hmmm? I want you to enjoy that cake because I have something terrible I need to tell you. I want you to enjoy your cake before I tell you this terrible, terrible thing. Michael. Michael ,it's okay. I know that it took me a little while to come around and its still a little weird to get used to, but you obviously make my mom very happy. And that makes me happy. Well-- Okay, so-- Michael. I'm 58. What am I supposed to do now? Dammit. I am no closer to taking Jim down. What a waste of a day. I could of grown poisoned mushrooms that would have been this high by now. [bends over and hold hand about 1/2 an inch from the floor] They're mushrooms. They don't get that high. What? I am working. Really? Really? Why? I have the lowest sales record of anyone here. I have the worst attitude of any person here. Yeah, I'll take it. [turns to leave] You're bribing me? I want to h*t you. I want to h*t you. I'll do that. No. Are you kidding? No. I don't think I can h*t you in the office. So, um... we'll do it after work. In the parking lot. In front of everyone. I'm going to h*t you as hard as I can. Okay. See you then. Hey. Are you scared? We heard about the punch. Pam. She's going to punch the crap out of your face after work. I'm getting concerned that you don't seem to understand what's going to happen. Do you? alright. See you there. Hey. Inappropriate. All the time. Yeah. She wants it bad Michael. I can. And I don't support her choice to h*t you. But at the same time she looks crazy and I do understand her reasoning. I just need some time. I just need some time. Just give me some time to make a decision. No more than a week. Maybe two weeks. Why can't you just agree with me sometimes? Am I scared of getting h*t in the face? No. Everyday weirdo's pay dominatrix's hundreds of dollars for that very privilege. I'm scared I'm gonna love it. [claps hands] Let's do this. We're here for the show, Michael. Are you ready? [goes to punch Michael; he flinches] You have to keep your hands down, Michael. Put your hands in your pockets. What are you sorry for? How about for dating my mom? And dumping her on her birthday. Okay-- just-- don't ever date a member of my family again. Are you okay? [walks with Michael back into the office; Michael is clutching is face and limping] Wait, why are you limping? Let's get some raw meat on that face. I got a chicken in the freezer upstairs. As I watched Pam's big, strong hand coming towards my face I saw my entire life flash before my eyes. And guess what? I have four kids. And I have a hover-car and a hover-house. And my wife is a runner and it shows. And Pam and Jim are my best friends and our kids play together. And I am happy and I am rich and I never die. It doesn't sound like much, but its enough for me. Good, good. Keep it on there for another five minutes. Just let the swelling go down. f*re Jim. I'm cashing in the favor. f*re him. Do it. Promote me. Tri-managers. Can I have an office? You know what you can keep your stupid favor. It's worthless. And this is my dinner on your face. I'm keeping it. The important thing to remember Jim... we always have what is called the element of surprise. [hits himself in the groin and moans] I did stand up comedy once. Yeah, I k*lled. Michael? What is the meaning of this email that everyone got? This one, from David Wallace to all Dunder Mifflin. Hello everyone I am sure you have seen the item in the Journal. I just want to stress that it's all conjecture. If there's any concrete news you will know ASAP. Your feelings journal? You told me to put it in the time capsule. Michael, he means the Wall Street Journal online. I found the article. [everyone walks over to his desk, he begins reading the article] "On a day marked by panicked corporate board meetings, one that is relatively not surprising is Dunder Mifflin's. It is rumored that they will recommend... " and the article cuts off. "It is rumored that they will recommend declaring bankruptcy." Not necessarily, bankruptcy could mean a lot of things. Maybe they're just restructuring to get out of debt. Or it could mean the end of Dunder Mifflin. I'm sorry, Michael, David's in a meeting. Um, I'll just have him call you back. [retching sounds coming from the men's bathroom, Kevin walks to the door and goes in] Michael, are you OK? Did you throw up in there? It smells like throw up in here. [Michael in his office playing music loudly, Jim walks in and turns the volume down, Michael trailing off on singing] We have to do something because people are losing it out there wondering what's going to happen. Listen, Wallace said these were just rumors, right? So we have no reason to think the company is anything but fine. So if we just go on with our work, you and me, they'll follow along. That's it. That rhymes, so what have we on the docket today? OK, great. [walks back in, on cell phone] What? Oh my God! [everyone starts asking questions] There has been a m*rder. There's been a m*rder in Savannah. [runs back to his office] [reading the game box cover] Belles, Bourbon and b*ll*ts, a m*rder mystery dinner party game. Hey, I am wondering if this is a, uh, terrible idea. I thought we agreed that we wouldn't do things like this. This is ridiculous. [gets up to leave, as does Angela] What kind of food? I'm in. [sits back down] Baby carrots. [Angela sits back down] Whoa, I'll try it. Michael, I don't like this game. It's scary. Voodoo Mama Juju, the witch doctor of the Savannah swamps. I'm not comfortable with this. [holds up a head] Well how do you think I feel? I mean I have to play Caleb Crawdad, handsome playboy. Every night, a different woman. Being oogled. Having to hug and kiss and spoon, I make them feel beautiful. It's my blackberry Michael, I am trying to get updates on the company. You don't have to keep saying "I do declare". Any time you say something it means you are declaring. And what Designing Woman are you basing that on? Wait a minute, wait a minute. I'm the butler. You were listening in on that? You rich people. You think you can do whatever you want to the servant class! I reckon I got something to say to Miss Beatrix Bourbon, if'n she don't mind. Oooooo, doggie, we got a party now! [Creed pulls into the parking lot and goes into the office] Sorry I'm late, boss. What's going on? OK. Hang on just a second. Let me just settle in and I'll be right back. Well, maybe nothing but it could mean a problem with liquidity- OK, I'm going back to work. Michael, I was doing so well. [Michael walks in] Oh, hey, Michael. Listen, I brought up those sales targets. Do you want to- No, you're not reopening the case. The case is closed. You're sure it was water, it couldn't have been acid? Stop playing games with me, Crawdad. Answer me. You are out of order. Jim, what if we both lose our jobs? I'm trying to think of a way that this all ends up fine, and I can't think of one. Michael, not now. I should just go. [accent] Where to now Caleb? Michael, can I... OK, I'm just going to skip right past the what and go with why. Michael, can I talk to you in your office? Today of all days... No, you shut up. They need this game, Jim. Let us have this stupid little game, alright? [Jim nods] Wallace is on the phone. He's returning your call. I don't think so. I think it's David Wallace from Dunder Mifflin. You're not gonna answer the phone? Well there is some bad news. [accent] There has been another m*rder. Oh, this could be a juicy one. I think today was a good day to have two managers. 'Cause if you're a family stuck on a lifeboat in the middle of the ocean, one parent might want to just keep rowing. But if the other parent wants to play a game, it's not because they're crazy. It's because they're doing it for the kids. And I get that now. I am calm. I have crossbows. OK, I'm ready. God bless you, Recyclops. And your cold robot heart. [Dwight throws an aluminum can towards the recycling bin and misses] That's great. Sure. And it looks like you're taking a dump. [still doing the voice & spinning in his chair] Hate the twirl! Yeah, good. Don't do it. The long term problem is bad investments that they need to dump. The short term problem is the company has no cash and there's no where to get it. Those are the b*llet points. Michael? The limo's here for you. [at window in conference room] Check it out, guys. There's a limo down here. [everyone heads to the conference room] Michael, look. Oh, man. They sent a limo. Town cars suck. Town car is something that a company sends when they're in trouble. A limousine is something that a company sends when they have cause for celebration. And in this case I think we are celebrating me. This is so typical of management to spend money on this. Ugh. Bunch of boobs. I'm so jealous right now. Car seats eight. The car seats eight. I'll use it when you're done. The Dunder Mifflin stock symbol is DMI. Do you know what that stands for? Dummies, morons and idiots. Because that's what you'd have to be to own it. And, as one of those idiots, I believe the board owes me answers. Hey, guys, do you think anyone might have had sex in here? Smells like it. Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Michael, what if somebody asks you a question at this meeting? Are you just gonna wave, or what? Michael Scott you run the most profitable branch of Dunder Mifflin. How do you do it? This is your big day. Come on. Mr. Scott? I'm Laurie. Thank you for joining us. Come with me. Ok. If you just want to follow me I'll take you up to the lounge. Good luck, Michael. See you later. After you, Mr. Scott. Michael. So glad you could make it. How was the ride? It's nice to meet you, Michael. Seated, we have the former congressman, Chris O'Keefe. How is he gonna have grandkids? No. Alright, guys. You ready? Dunder Mifflin is still a strong company. We are poised to come through this more streamlined and profitable than ever. [boos from the crowd] It was fun when we weren't on the brink of bankruptcy. You're a criminal. Limousine? You haven't said anything yet and we're headed for bankruptcy. [crowd agrees] How are you gonna fix the company? I am, too. Let me show you. What was that about? You were supposed to wave. What are we supposed to tell them now? Ok? You've dug us quite a hole. There is no plan. Excuse me? Who the hell is this guy? Yes. Yes. Who cares? No. No. No. No. No. No. Don't call anybody, Michael. Please do not text anybody, now, Michael. It's done. [Oscar, sitting in the lobby, receives a text] Ummm... Um.. I feel, as does Mr. Scott, that we are in the best of hands. Capable hands. I think this has gone very well and I thank you. Michael, I didn't ask to come up here. What? For me. You -[Oscar walks away, Michael goes back in the room] He's our best manager? Where's the off button on this moron? Uh, I'm not a moron. Time after time my branch leads in sales. I have personally won over 17 Dundie awards. So, I am not a moron and I am just trying to help, you know? So... you're the moron. [zipping through the hall while texting] He can take the bus. He's had his limo ride. You wanted to see me? Is it serious? [Michael stares] Wow. Andy's a wittle scared. Why would people say that? Andy have a boo-boo tummy. Would you rather me say "Hey guys, my irritable bowel syndrome is flaring up?" "Crazy diarrhea happening right now?" Cause things can get real adult real fast. Do I sometimes replace Rs with Ws? Yes. Do I sometimes repeat a word to get my point across? Well if I do, Andy's sowwy. Well if I we're complaining, a lot of people think your Elvis voice is annoying. I don't-just people. For the record, I think it's pretty fantastic. [baby voice] t*nk you Mr. Elwis. Frankie's Dirty Joke of the Day? There's a bunch of those. There's a bunch of Sent e-mails that jusy say "Delivered." Should I delete all of those? That's why you have a "Sent Mail" folder. There's about 30 news alerts for "Nip Slip." "Nip slip." Well... Hey. What's up? Did you m*rder someone? Oh, my God. I think she's okay. Great. Hey, how do you feel about starting an Employee of the Month program? You're not in it at all, because you can't be employee of the month, you're a manager. It would look bad. Sorry. Okay. [picks up and reads sheet] The Michael Scott Foundation is still in existence? Michael, why did you promise that? No Michael, why would you promise that? Michael, this is a terrible terrible thing you've done. It's terrible. Just terrible. And the longer you put it off, the worse it's going to get. I just, I fell in love with those kids. and I didn't want to see them fall victim to the system, so I made them a promise. I told them that if they graduated from high school, I would pay for their college education. I've made some empty promises in my life, but hands down, that was the most generous. No! You have to tell them. It's fine. Erin, you're going to go. And you're going to make sure Michael tells the truth. Mr. Scott? I'm good. It's in the music room, Mr. Scott. Wow! Everyone's so excited that you're here today. Now, I know you probably want to see everyone, but I was wondering if I could ask you some questions first? I'm sure you remember this place. Do you want to go in? No, not at all. Nope, come on. We just want to say thanks. Hey, Mr. Scott! What you gonna do? What you gonna do, make our dreams come true! There were a lot of times over the years where I was pressured to get into the drug game. But I always thought back to my guardian angel, and the gift that you gave me. So I just want to thank you for giving me the opportunity to go to college, educate myself, and become the next President Obama. Let's put your hands together and give a warm welcome for the man of the hour, Mr. Michael Scott. I'm Zion, I'm Mikela's younger brother. Well Zion, I am not going to be paying for your college tuition. Which brings me to my main point and that is that I will not be able to pay for anybody's tuition. I'm so, so sorry. You lied to us. You owe this to us! [yelling] Hey, Mr. Scott. That was messed up what you did. Who does something like that? Who promises that to a bunch of kids and then just doesn't come through like that? You can pay for my college. They're expensive. It's about $1,000. No, $1,000 each year. Okay. Okay. Make it out to my mom, Rosa. Hey Mr. Scott, What you gonna do, What you gonna do make our dreams come true. Hey Mr. Scott, What you gonna do--- No. No, there's financial aid, uh, they could join the army or the navy. The principal told me that 90% of Scott's Tots are on track to graduate, and that's 35% higher than the rest of the school. So I think if you hadn't made that promise, a lot of them would've dropped out. Which is something to think about, I think. Really? I've always wondered what it might be like to be an accountant. Yes, but I'm terrible at math so... Seriously? Oscar and the warehouse guy! Go Oscar! Go gay warehouse guy! Michael, we already have a Santa, Phyllis. What the hell is going on? Yeah. Yeah I told her a long time ago she could do it. No, I'm not gonna do that. I think she's doing a good job. I'm not gonna go tell Phyllis that she can't be Santa. Fine! Then do it anonymously. Ransom note style. You can- I -you know what, I have a bunch of letters cut out of magazines in my desk. You can use those. If this were Russia, yeah sure. Everyone would go to one Santa, and there would be a line around the block and once you sat on her lap and she'd ask you what you wanted, you would say probably "freedom." At which point the KGB would arrest you and send you to Siberia. It's a good thing Russia doesn't exist anymore. [mutters] Okay... Michael it's me, Kevin. Phyllis says I'm too big for her lap. When can I sit on your lap? That's really comfortable. [Michael gasps] I don't know. I didn't know you were gonna ask me that. I didn't know. Nobody's ever let me sit on their lap before. Can you give me some choices? Cause I really don't want to mess up on this list. What about if I tell you the things I don't want? I didn't even get to tell you what I wanted! I'll just leave it here with you. [drops checks, leaves. Daryl smirks] Whoa, whoa. I'm doing something over here. What are you talking about? Hey hey hey. Everything okay? Can I just talk to you for a second? You can't yell out "I need this, I need this" as you pin down an employee on your lap! Yup. Michael, it's Phyllis. We want Phyllis as Santa. Great! Who wants Phyllis as Santa? [most everyone raises their hand] And if you want Michael as Santa, raise your hand. [Michael, then Dwight raises hand] Can I get you some punch? In the North Pole I spend many nights alone tinkering with toys. So today, let's put a twinkle in Ole Kris Kringle's eye! Let the party begin! [Dwight plugs in tree lights, office applauds.] I don't ask for much for Christmas, I really don't. It's not like I'm begging people to buy me diamonds and ...broach pendants. "Oh buy me something expensive or I'm gonna k*ll myself." That's not - I don't care about that. All I want to be is Santa. And, you want to take that away from me? Fine. Go ahead. But when you need my help because I am ruining everything, don't look at me. Wow Michael, like this must be obvious how wrong this is. You can't, [Michael touches his forehead and makes sizzling noise] Ow. Look, you cannot push religion. No! We don't have a North Pole branch. Idiot. [grabs package] Yes! [Dwight opens package to reveal another machine part] I have. He got scented candles! And this brings us to you, little one. It's fabric! I really wanted this. Andy, is this you? It's a secret. Nnnnya. Yes Michael, what is so urgent? I'm not going to guess. You can tell me or I am going to hang up. Michael... Michael- This is a very very bad time. Sure David. [disconnect] Do you want me off the call too Michael? Listen, I shouldn't tell you this, but the company has a buyer. The board will have no choice to approve. They are going to clean house. I'll be fired. Alan will be out too. All of us. Goodbye Michael. Oh my God. Earlier today this office needed a Santa. And then it needed a second Santa. And then it needed a Jesus. And now, it needs a Michael. And that's one suit Phyllis cannot fit into. Not great. You heckled Santa for an hour and a half. Are you serious? This is so offensive. What's your pin number? I don't want to say. But, "it's fun to stay at the -" [nods to fill in blank, but Dwight doesn't know] Where? Holiday Inn? I don't ... I suppose a gentlemen might... throw in the towel, at this point. Guess what? Not gonna happen. How could we do what? [general murmur] We deserve to know. If you know something Michael... Wait wait wait, who said that? When? When did he tell you? Today? Awww! Aaaarrhh! [kicks over Christmas tree] Michael, wait. So they said we are sold? Okay. We haven't gone under. We've been sold and that can mean many different things. No, I get it. No, you won't, because he's not picking up his phone. Yes, I will. Because I always know how to get through to him. Hey Sweetie, what is it? What the hell? Michael, I have never- Ever, ever... Hello everyone. You weren't supposed to tell anyone Michael. Look. They're buying the company for the distribution. You guys are the only thing about this company that works. So congratulations. No! No, and congratulations. Yeah! [singing] Christmas tree, oh Christmas tree, thy leaves are so unchanging... I have no idea. Oh man! [Dwight dropped a walnut into the nutcracker] I can use this for so many nuts! Macadamias, Brazil nuts, pecans, almonds. Clams, snails... Hi Michael. [Michael sits on her lap] Mm. 'kay. What? No Bob, we worked it out. I'm sorry, I'm really sorry. It was earlier today. I'm good baby. [they kiss, both dressed as Santa] Oh God. Get a room Santas! Hello. Yes. Calculating. Calculating. Pacific! Great news, Michael. We're now the official paper supplier of the NFL. It might seem crazy, but since there's no one left in New York, Michael is Dunder Mifflin's highest ranking employee. So, that's where we are. Uh, I just need to check out your warehouse and then talk to your HR guy. That is pretty much the only reason I'm here. Right. Yeah. Mul Yam in Tel Aviv is better. Are you calling me wrong? It's called 'due diligence'. Basically, I confirm inventory, take a head count, see if there are any HR liabilities. I'm a glorified fact checker. Actually, I am a fact checker. Michael, do you think I could get a space heater - Oh, we will. Have a seat. [Michael gives a pleased look then exits] I don't know how I'm going to get through this. I don't want to lie and I DON'T want to tell the truth. Well, Eric's just going over some stuff. It's, uh, it's HR stuff. It's uh, it's a company evaluation form. Talkin' bout, uh - Waste is next. No, waste of time and resources. Look, you know, in any company there's going to be certain degrees - [on the phone] Hey, uh, yeah, I finally got a chance to sit down with HR. So... well, I think I'm gonna be here for awhile. Michael, this is really inappropriate to talk about. Yeah. I feel very sorry for that banker because he has to evaluate what we are worth. He has to decide what we are capable of and how do you do that? What is Jim capable of... or Pam... or Kevin? [clip montage over Daryl's Dunder Mifflin jingle] Computron experiencing emotion. Ok. [after a pause] Please don't. Computron - wants to live. Shut up. Shut up. Yo, Mike, our town is dope and pretty. in the Electric City! What? What? Healthcare Provider! Spot. Spot. Spot. Spot. Spot. Don't lose your head. for the tasty bread. What? What? What? What? [pause] What? I think you don't know what you're saying. It's from "Sob-ray", our new owner, and it is to Sabre, us. I wonder what's inside. Scissor me. [Erin tosses Michael open scissors, Pam is appalled] Dunder Mifflin was recently bought by an electronics company named Sabre. [mispronounced "sob-ray"] They stepped in at the 11th hour, and they saved our asses. Although David Wallace said that we were the one branch that was actually working right, so we probably could have saved our own asses. We didn't need them touching our asses. Here we go. [scans stuffed animal] Oh! Wow. Guys, um, who's Gabe? This note says to put the box aside for Gabe Lewis, who's coming tomorrow? Impulsivity and inattention to detail. Terrible mistake. Have you tried making everything smaller? Oh, Michael. No, don't! [fumbles] Thank you. Oh! Got it. Ok. What do you want us to do? Because we're usually not on the same page. Oh. Okay. And to you. [begins applauding] Welcome. Scranton hot dog from Scranton? Um, hi, uh, my name is Gabe Lewis. I am coordinating director for merging regions. Co-manager, actually. We are very impressed with this branch and we are so excited about this merger. So excited. Um, actually, if you don't mind, I would love to put this on the Sabre website. [correctly pronounced "say-ber"] Oh. Of course. [singing] Hopped off the train in Scranton, PA, another cloudy gray afternoon. Jumped in the cab, here you are for the first time, look to the right see the "Electric City" sign. This is gonna be good day, for Dunder Mifflin and Sob-ray. Sab - [guitar stops] [Christian Slater impression] So you've been shown a nonsensical video. You're probably wondering, "What's going on?" Well, you're not alone. Most of our business comes from selling printers. So don't think of yourselves as paper salesmen anymore, but as printer salesmen who also sell paper. Perfect. Actually, that's Nick. He's your new IT guy. Uh, he's setting up a site blocker. Mostly blocking the inappropriate sites. And then there are the time-wasting sites like Twitter, YouTube. We are blocking those as well. Ok, did everyone get one? With these bottles, we eliminate the need for plastic water bottles, which are the scourge of the environment. Little cups? Like paper or plastic or... ? Ok, well, I bet you can fit 20 little cups of water in your aluminum bottle. That's ok. There is a small part of me that is actually very excited about this new company. But 70 percent of me is water, and the other part, the real part, the part that has feelings and emotions and thoughts and makes decisions and, if I can be crass, makes babies, that part thinks that all of these changes suck ba - Oop. Looks like we kicked it. [indicates water jug is empty] I miss the old Dunder Mifflin. Too much change is not a good thing. Ask the climate. Oh, I don't get that sense at all from you, so... Which ones? Well, I wish that I could do something, but it's kind of policy, you know? Above my pay grade. You know? Turn me around. Now. [Michael starts to leave, Jo whistles] Hey, Buddy. Is it something I said? Oh, hello, Mr. Scott. Pleased to meet you. Aw, thank you. I've been working on it since I was a little girl. To, um, to what do I owe the pleasure of this videochat? Pardon. Pardon me, Mr. Scott, but the last time I saw a company as mismanaged as Dunder Mifflin, it was my grandson's snowball company, so you'll excuse me if I prefer that you all adapt to the way that we do things. So listen, why don't you tell Gabe if by the end of the day you can't handle the changes. All right. Michael. No, you kidding? Come on in. Come on. You look great. You hungry? I'm just having lunch. Huh? Hey. [continues drumming] Keep it up, son. Really loud. Yeah. Things not going so well there? I have a doctor's appointment next Thursday. No. Just hanging out, honey. You remember Michael. No problem at all. This is great. So what are you guys up to? It was story time. I don't know. I mean, what can you do? I, I - It's a tough one. I don't have any ideas for you there. Hey, oh, okay. Wait. I want to tell you about a business idea I have. Ok? You know how kids leave their toys everywhere? Okay. So this is a vacuum. It's like a shop-vac type of thing. [imitates vacuum] Teaches kids how to pick up their own toys. Right? Baseball gloves, hacky sacks, drumsticks. [sucking noise] Picks it up! No. No, no, no. That's the -that's the vacuum noise. You-you don't like it. No, it's ok. Another guy from Dunder Mifflin, Arnie from Research, he's gonna draw up the prototype. And, uh... It's like shop-vac. [sucking noise] Did I say that? Hey, you know, if you want, I'm sure I can get Arnie on board if you wanted to join us for suck it. Work together again. Suck it. That's what it's called. Huh? Catchy. Kids'll love it. Like it. There are very few things that would make me not want to team up with David Wallace. And Suck It is one of 'em. Oh, Michael. Thank you for coming. Thanks for having me. Well, that's not the David Wallace that I remember. [reverses out of driveway, Wallace follows him] That is some sort of weird creature that lives in David Wallace's house. Oh, my god. Alright. Just get me out of here. Hello. [comes in carrying 4 gallons of orange juice and his water bottle] Is anybody home? Oh, thank you, Erin. Now if everyone would please ready their canteens, so I can fill them with the sweet, sweet nectar of Gabe's homeland, and then propose a toast. Here we go. You know when people say getting fired was the best thing that ever happened to them? I feel sorry for those people. That's the best thing? Really? Ugh. Yes. Yes, you are. You make a lot. That's your toast? Michael, this isn't a toast. You're just thinking out loud. Just 'cause you have liquid that doesn't make it a toast. To us and to Sabre. [on phone] Vancouver Court Hotel, how many I help you? Well, we are looking forward to having you, so, let me just pull up your information here... Um, I don't seem to have it, sir. [looking through Michael's email] I'm not seeing anything under "confirmation." Could it be under "affirmation?" Cause you have thousands of those. Youdidget the e-vite to my barbeque! Uh, sir? A lot of people are trying to get last-minute reservations at hotels here for the Olympics, but we've been fully booked for months. ...Oh, here it is. Yep. Uh-huh. Seven nights in our street-view economy single? Yeah, how may I help you Mr. Scott? There is a cancellation fee for this, sir. Okay, put it on my card. Today, Jo Bennett, the CEO from Sabre, is coming to see us here for the first time. She bought us sight unseen, like a mail-order bride, so she's gotta be kinda nervous. I mean, are we ugly? Are we smart? Are we cool? Are we too cool? Do we speak English? This is Michael Scott, co-regional manager of this branch. Yeah, I have this thing about men cutting or threatening to cut my throat. Don't try to cut my throat. Whoa, whoa. No. Michael? I think one of you should return to sales, and the other one be manager. I... Why would you just say something like that? Do you even know what that means? That's right, darlin', now you're the proud new owner of a Sabre handbook and my autobiography. Now, you all must be in a tizzy. I can see it on your faces, I mean, what's going on now? I mean, who owns Dunder Mifflin? Right? I mean, Sabre? What's that? Some company I've never heard of? Down in Tallahassee? Where is that? Near Mars? Now Dunder Mifflin has an arm's reach in all these small businesses all over the northeast. Now we're gonna take that arm, and we're gonna start selling printers. They're the easiest-to-use printers on the market. I will try to manage my excitement! Hey, you got a second? Actually, yeah. Exactly that. I think that you absolutely deserve the manager position more than I do. Yeah! Wow! Michael. Reading. The Atlantic. I should step into sales myself. Sabre has no caps on commissions. He can make a lot more money in sales. Manual. Manuel who? Well, according to the manual, there is no cap on commissions. I have been hustled. Oh, speak of the devil. We were just talking about you. Have a seat! Now Jim here is thinking about taking himself out of the running for being manager. Really. No, I really, really think Michael is better at being manager for so many reasons. Why would you do that? You know, Michael, you have more experience in sales and management, so I'm gonna defer to your judgment. I think you [to Michael] will become the salesman, and congratulations! [to Jim] You're gonna be the new manager of this branch! Michael, I'm worried that, uh, not all your toys are gonna fit on your new desk. Well, in your old office there were all those ledges and extra space. You know, I actually think I should get back to work. Jim asked me to do some stuff, and he's manager. Well. You know, we really don't announce out loud our sales that much. It's not really 1992 anymore. Threatening you? No. [tries to crush an aluminum can, Dwight crushes an apple] Michael, stop. Michael... Michael, it's Phyllis. I sent an email out to everyone in this area that this might be a side effect to my new allergy medication I'm on. No. [has two tissues in his nostrils] It's not cause of the smell. I'm just expecting a nosebleed. Believe me, if I got that card? We'd be in the bathroom doin' it right... now. Hey. Well, the grass is always greener. Well, it's what you wanted. For the record, I fought this. Alright? And now, I'm not really sure what we do. Hey, what was that movie where their boss was within earshot and they could've just gone and talked to her. You two are grown-ass men. What do I have to do, f*re you and get two people in here who don't need so much management? Michael's saying he's better at being manager, and I agree, cause he's a better people person, weirdly. Alright. Yeah, I guess Andy never liked Kelly. How about that? Sure does! Okay, we have your space heater, your humidifier, your dehumidifier, your fan, your foot fan, and your food dehydrator. Ooh. Michael. Michael, you shouldn't have done that. You know the baby's not going to live here, right? Hmm, that logic's air-tight, but unfortunately it wasn't conceived here. Burning man, port-o-potty. Well, you don't want to wait too long, Pam. Otherwise the baby's going to become a teenager in there and you'll be up all night, from the rock music. You know, it's getting real crowded in here. Maybe you guys should all go back to work because the day's not out yet. Actually, the distractions are good. I mean, I don't think I'm going to make it until midnight if I'm just sitting here thinking about it. Distractions are good! That means conference room, five minutes! No, no, five seconds! Right now, right now! Conference room! Topic, potpourri! Let's go! Um, I am sort of a master of distraction. When I was a kid, my mom received compliments left and right from my teachers on how I was always able to distract others in class. Try to think, what were the first thirteen colonies? Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. [Michael covers his mouth and makes fart noises.] Can we do sleight of hand tricks? Oh, okay, uh, sorry, guys. Just, um, keep talking. Oh, thanks, Kelly. Yes, this is the only time I'm ever going to make this request. I can put on lipstick the way Molly Ringwald does in The Breakfast Club. I can do the evolution of dance-dance. Agreed. Jim, please. Happy thoughts here. Happy times. Alright. Um, stimulate the nipples. I have a shirt like that in my car. Okay, uh, the second one is walk around. We're already doing the opposite of that. Perfect. Okay, number three, eat spicy foods. Oh, and by the way, hate that you're helping her with this right now. Totally. A little frazzled. [enters the office and has another contraction] Oh, whoa. Ha. Wow. 35. No, not yet, Michael. Oh, wow, it's almost time for ultra feast! Where's Kevin? That's fancy feast. Ultra feast is something they made up so they can pig out together in the name of ceremony. Mm-hmm. Yes, I'm fine. Um, yeah, the doctor said it's still considered a minor contraction as long as I can talk through it. Alright. Time to go. Okay. Come on, Michael says we should go now. Hey, are you kidding me? If anyone can do this, you can do this. Pam, I'm scared. I'm real scared. The best news is, we're going to have a baby today. A really awesome baby. So let's have it at the hospital. How are we doing on contractions? Michael, I told you. Jim, we waited too long! We waited too long! Two minutes doesn't do us any good. Well, what happened to four and three minutes? I don't want to have my baby here. The hospital. A baby. Yes! We're going to the hospital and we're going to have a baby. Alright, we're driving ourselves, actually. Alright, I have my wallet. Go bag's in the car... Keys, my keys, where's my keys? There's nothing in it. Dwight, get away! Okay, I can't find my keys! I cannot find my keys! Found 'em. They're here.Dwight, Jim and Good luck, Pam! 00! Hold it! Oh, one more! No, no, no, no! Out, out! Idiot. Doesn't matter. I'll escort you! Let's go! [as he peels out of the parking lot and stops] Michael! This is where I saw that deer last week. Right over by that fence. Okay, Michael! Focus! Alright, here we go! You're doing great! She'll be here soon. Michael! Michael, come on! Pam, no! Are you nuts? We're going to the hospital now. Dwight Schrute. Why didn't you ask me to do it yesterday? I kept IM'ing you how bored I was. Dwight just listen! It's underneath... [Dwight hangs up as the policeman hands him a ticket] Yes. Michael, just go park the car. Sir! You can't park here! Okay. Okay. [looking horrified as he walks from the room back into the lobby] Okay, not yet, not yet. I'm going to go wash my eyes. This is ridiculous. We just can't wait here. But you don't know that. I mean, we could be here another half an hour. I have an ice cream cake in the car. Oh, my God. Go, go, go! Are you insane? Alright. This is happening! Oh, my God. Sir! Sir, you can't smoke that in here. Put it, put it out. Okay. Her name is Cecelia Marie Halpert. Yeah! I am a diapering master. I have done little else in the past two months. There is nothing I cannot diaper. Go ahead. Try to think of something. I dare you. Hello, Michael. Love you. Love you, mom. Okay, you just have to use the hand sanitizer first. Again, no pants. Ready? Yesterday, I was dispatched to Jim and Pam's house to find Pam's iPod. I searched everywhere, but I didn't find it. What I did find, was mold, and lots of it. So, I did what anyone would do. Read a book, had a bath, I got a good night's sleep, and I made plans to eradicate it. I also made plans to ask Jim where he bought his marvelous sheets... Time to get to work [he begins to destroy the kitchen with a sledgehammer]. This man has a gift! I'm not single. I have a man. [she grasps Ryan's arm as Ryan has his hand raised to say he's single] Why do you find someone for yourself instead of meddling in our affairs? Ha ha, plus size models, maybe. Like Clooney. Yes, I'm going to ask out Erin. I'm just waiting for the stars to align. Literally. I have a small skylight in my bedroom, and I'd like for the moon to be visible. [in Michael's office] You wanted to see me? [as he appears from behind the door] Ta-da! Oh, say nothing. You will learn to love me. Okay. Michael, could I talk to you privately? Bye. I'm so sorry if I gave you the impression I'm into Kevin, but I'm not. I like Andy. I'm sure he'll be fine. Really? I don't want anyone to die. Mm-hmm. Yeah. You said she liked me. I've dumped better than Erin. Lynn was way hotter than Erin, Michael. Yeah, Michael, but you dated Holly and Jan, and they were so much hotter than you. [he hits his head on the desk after ducking out of the way from hiding behind a plant] Ow. I used a variation of your move. Nope. Nuh -uh. Not today! Oh good morning sweetheart. I'm sorry but is that a gift I see in your hands? [pulls out glass cube with coal.] Is that a lump of coal? Have I been that naughty? Err, thank you very much. We, we don't get to see much coal in Tallahassee, I'm used to alligators, and some of the worst Chinese food you've ever tasted. Well, if you ever get down in my neck of the woods, you got a place to stay. Now, after all the talking I've been doing. It's your turn. This is a town hall meeting. I want to hear what you all sound like. I have a question. I am so proud of Sabre's "Print In All Colors" initiative. Any Sabre employee of color, is welcome to apply. [Kelly applauds] Daryl? Okay hush now. Oh look at you. Okay. Any questions? Anything on anybody's mind? I'm leaving tonight, this is your last chance for a while! Yes, well okay. Florida ain't that far away. Well, anytime now. Oh honey you didn't buy a ticket? Oh honey. I'm not home, very often. And uh, me and my relatives, they take up the guesthouse. I think you should check with my office, before you book any dates, okay? Enough! All right, everybody, just try to put a brave face on. [singing] Moving on up, to the East Side, to the deluxe apartment in the sky... No, that's very generous of you, but I'm all set. Yes it is. How many knocks does it take to get you to do some work? You'll probably feel better once you get some pants on. Come on. Not bad, huh? I impressed her with my good ideas. I made a suggestion at the meeting that was good. You were there. Now Mike, I have to ask you to leave, so that I can learn about this tiny television. Hey there. Well there's chatting time and there's working time. I'm still on working time. Well, if you feel like you've done a solid days work... Well I mean, if you can put your name on this day, and be proud of the amount of work you've done, then, by all means, you should toodle on home. Anything else I can help you with? Just because Jo has no life, does not mean that the rest of us don't have lives. Oscar has a life. I think Ryan has a life. This is outrageous. Hey what's up, Butt-plug? Dude, I've been here since three! I've boot and rallied twice. Fat and ugly. You might actually have a chance. Oh here's what you do. Hike up your skirt and pull out your tampon, borrow some b*lls and come meet me! Overnight all my damn bags home. I'm carrying nothing but my Sable gloves. I've had it with Homeland Security. And I want you to put all those tracking numbers in my Blackberry. You never know with Jo. Sometimes we're here til midnight. Sometimes she doesn't show up for three days. Yeah, that would be awesome. I could get a girlfriend. Wouldn't have to go to Amsterdam seven times a year. But uh, I'm young, right? I will date when I'm dead! [Laughs] Do I really want to turn out like Gabe? Twenty-six. Single. Tied to my desk. No life, no family. I want to have been married by the time I would've turned thirty. That's just - that's just depressing. Anything I can do for you Puddin'? Hmm. All right then. Michael? Ah. Oh great, now I'm gonna get sick. [They both laugh] [cheering Michael] No! No, no no! Put your credit cards away. Drinks are on us! Oh -hoh! All right. Whoops! [Humps Michael] No. Is he you? Where did you take that? Oh my God, that's right. I read in People magazine that he was looking for a two-bedroom condo in Scranton. Sure. That they should do one. Who's that? John Dillinger. Captain Crunch. At the Yankees game. Yeah. I had a little better reason to believe that... You're right. You're right. Well, you're not right, because Johnny Depp... ...in your condo complex. M. Night Shulman? Yeah, what about those leads? Did you hear anything from corporate? But is there anything relevant to the sales staff here? Well then no Andy Bernard per se. [Andy and others begin exiting the room] Sorry, Michael, I got calls to make. You couldn't handle my undivided attention. Listen, Michael - about what happened earlier. When I was asking about the leads. ... is there any news on the leads? Honey, if I don't have time to answer an e-mail, I definitely don't have time to walk over to your desk. Oh, sorry, wait one second. This is actually a big potential sale, so... You writing your name over there? That's good. You know, with the kid. Alright, here we go. [taps page] Michael... Give me that [wrestles with Darryl, Andy falls over chair and to the floor] Michael. I know who did that. Didn't have to see. It was sales. I can feel it. They are out of control. Yes. All of 'em. Together. It's a conspiracy. Listen to me, Mike, you gotta do something about them. You need to get back on top. Yeah. Something came for you, Michael. [hands him a parcel] What'd you get? Finally, Michael. Hand 'em over, numbnuts. [Michael stares at her incredulously] But seriously. It's your job to give us those leads. [on phone] Michael, we spent a lot of money on those leads. You have to give them out. Michael, I don't want to incentivise m*rder. But - we've tried to make it clear that our policy emphasises sales staff - - of supporting the sales staff. You are required to hand out those leads, Michael. Okay, good. Good. Why do you keep repeating - [Michael hangs up] What are you - They aren't salespeople! What the hell do you think you're doing? Hey. So I'm going to go ahead and save you some time, and tell you that no-one's going to go along with this. But you knew that, right? Alright. So why don't you just give me my share of the leads, and I'll start making some calls? Hey, alright. Ahh, these aren't leads. What are they? I don't think you understand - [holds up card] This one's a map. I love you. Michael? Michael, you were supposed to tell me when the leads came in. [dives into dumpster, rattling noises then he emerges] It's empty! Um, tonight is Ghost Whisperer. So, Friday. Oh my god. Oh my god [takes off running] oh my god, no, no no, hey, hey [chases after garbage van] wait, wait! Michael, why would we all go to the dump? Not your staff, Michael. You. Does it have to be pizza? Could go for a, falafel? I'm not going. You did this, not us. That sounds fun, mucking around in the dump. Wish I could go. I can't. You know that. [looks around dump] This place has gone to hell. Yeah, well, the acorn becomes the oak. I don't think we need opposed. Oh, why, because I have a sh*t at a $100k commission? Hey. There is nothing I can do about my wide-set eyes. When I first met you, I had a lot of job offers. And I had an offer from Ivan Schartsky. The Ivan Schartsky. And if I'd assistant managed him - Oh, that's low! I would be number two right now at Home Depot! Okay? Because they promote from within. Instead I had to follow you - you, going nowhere. I hitched my wagon to a horse with no legs. Kung-fu movies! Nice babies you're making with the floozies at the bars. Your made-up wife? Who doesn't exist? [Michael picks up a piece of metal and hurls it at Dwight, who sidesteps] You watch it! Don't do it [lobs something at Michael] No! [lunges for a large wooden spool] Erin just texted me back. 'People love shells from far-away beaches". Oh [half-heartedly throws something] [beams] This is - nice! [pats Oscar's shoulder] All of us back together. Hey [holds up an old sweater] You know who'd like this? Phyllis. Purple, much? Yeah [puts it back in the bath tub] Hope - grows. Good news that you found our leads? [Michael grunts and strains while doing push-ups] Breathe. Work your core. Come on. Not counting the last one, 25. Ok, 25 and one girl push-up! Okay. I made a sale. What do we get if we do 'em? And one girl push-up. Ow! 19. [grunts] I had a really hard work out this morning. Ten... Eleven, wow! [chanting] Stan-ley! Stan-ley! Stan-ley... Essentially, what we have here is one of those stories where a mother lifts a car to save her baby. Hey, boss man. A bunch of us are going to get some drinks, you in? I'm sorry, I meant later. For happy hour? Trying to get a head count. All right, yes! It's a deal. When a new mom hears a baby cry, her you-know-what's fill up with you-know-what, and then her shirt gets, you know... that would be funny. Easy. Oh, hey, Pam and I are gonna go play pool with one of her friends, and we need a fourth. Would you like to be our fourth? Hey, Michael. This is my friend Julie. Good. Hi. So you work with Pam and Jim? [giggles] I should hope not. Usually means there's a battle scene coming. I am an ESL teacher. Yeah. Are you thinking that I said 'ESP?' So what do you think? About Julie? Yeah. So you like her? So Pam was right? About you two hitting it off. Why are you wearing a hat now? Guys, come on, I'm on a date. Let me do my thang. Angela versus Isabel. Height, advantage Isabel. Birthing hips, advantage Isabel. Remaining child-bearing years, advantage Isabel. Legal obligation, advantage Angela. What are you doing? Michael, you don't have to do this. [choking] Wow. Oh, wow, that was close. Hello. Hi. You wanna pay 400 bucks to re-felt this table? Hey, Michael, why don't you just get down. Ted, are we having fun? We got a problem? All right, go. Get out. Now. Ok, um, why don't we just finish the game? Michael, it's your sh*t. You guys are stripes, I think... It stopped. Do you guys want some food? The wings are really good here. Then I am sorry that I didn't kick you out. Well, uh, I'm the manager here, sir. Is that how you do it? Really? How much have you written? Oh. Huh. Have you read Lee Iacocca's? It's a classic. Dude, tonight! You're not going to want to put it down. It's gonna make you want to go out and buy a Chrysler tomorrow. Shut up. What's your drink? Well, what movie? Black Snake Moan? You have a card? Stanley Hudson? Whoa, a lot of Stanley Hudson's in here. Michael Scott? You just won yourself a lunch. Yeah. Yeah! Not at all. [arrives at Michael's office and sits] I was just wondering what you had planned for Secretary's Day. I know that Erin would be so psyched if you took her out to lunch. Yeah. She really looks up to you. And there's only so much we can do as her coworkers. Secretary's Day is really kind of a boss-secretary thing. [Michael glances over at Erin in reception, Erin waves her teddy bear's arm at Michael]. [slams his hand on Michael's desk] That's my girlfriend you're talking about. [taping desk] She's gonna be so psyched. Well, happy Boss's day. There wouldn't be a secretary if there was no boss. I got a picture of you asking me to lunch. I was thinking we could go to Hayworth's. Just the two of us. Yeah, okay. Yeah that was a stupid suggestion. I was thinking someplace special, so I though Hayworth's, but... Oh. [cheerfully] Okay. And that's straight from corporate. So not to be scary, but yeah, I would listen to me. And that's all. Ciao. I was thinking it would be fun to talk on the way over. So what decade would you have chosen to be a teenager? I would have chosen the 1490's. 'Cause America was discovered. [at lunch] And then my last job was at a Taco Bell express. But then it became a full Taco Bell, and I don't know, I couldn't keep up. My favorite part about being a receptionist is that I get to have my own desk. In my Foster home I never had a desk. [Michael keeps moving around, very clearly bored and annoyed]. So it's like... I don't mean that I didn't like my foster home. I did like it. I just didn't have a desk there. Did you have a favorite age? Or month? Yeah, like a favorite month. Like I like April when I was seven. How many pillows do you sleep on at night? He's the best boyfriend in the world. Tell me about him before I met him. Yeah I love that. What? Sorry. About Angela? Did you say he dated Angela? Here we go. Hot plate. Why wouldn't he tell me that? They had sex? Yes? Of course. I'll get you a bowl of pickles. Uhhhh, they were engaged? [face looks disgusted, moves around uncomfortably] Uh-oh... [moans, pulls hair over her face] In the Foster home, my hair was my room. [exhales, prolonged exclaiming] [breathes heavily, groans] [turns to other restaurant patrons] I'll have what she's having! Hey. Can I have your attention please? First of all, thanks to everyone for helping put this awesome party together. And a very special shout-out to the chair of the Party Planning Committee, miss Angela Martin. You have outdone yourself. I am saying the exact opposite. Angela is fantastic. Specific shout-out.. [throws a piece of cake at Andy's face] I know about Angela! I know that you were engaged to her and that you were sleeping with her! Michael told me. Why would that be something to talk about on Secretary's Day? I was going to tell her, just on my own time. [sitting on bench outside groaning] Oh. Sorry I thought everyone was gone. I can't trust Andy anymore. It's Andy's fault. Oh, I like his butt. You tricked me! But the Count is purple and Oscar wears purple.  Buenos dias, Miguel. [phone rings] Hello, Dunder-Mifflin. No, no, no, no. Solamente en espanol, por favor. I believe that every man, woman, and child in this country should learn how to speak Spanish. They are our neighbors to the South, and this would be a healing thing for... for all of North America. And... I am going on vacation next week to Cancun. Buenos dias, Miguel. Como estas? Bien? Claro que si! Yo estoy fantastico. Que pasa? I don't understand why Michael is wasting his time with Spanish. I have it on very good authority that within 20 years, everyone will be speaking German. Or a Chinese-German hybrid. Your office is full of genitalia. "That's what he says?" Angela. [Michael sticks post-it on Angela's forehead with female genitalia] Michael. Yeah, or maybe we don't even need that. You know what? I should be getting this client, Michael. My numbers are better than either of theirs. How are you? [laughing] Oh, stop that. Hi. How are you? There's this woman I met a few weeks ago. Her name is Donna, the manager of Sid & Dexter's and, right now, we're in the midst of a passionate love affair. Um, no. But she is coming by today. Maybe to buy some printers, so... [explaining PowerPoint to Donna] So, yes, laser printers are more expensive. But they cost less to operate [knocking] So it's a tradeoff. Hold on one second. What? None of this is time sensitive. Oh, yeah, thank you. That's not... she's... okay. Yes. Mm-hmm. Yeah. It's subtle. That's how it works. I show her an image that turns her on. And then she looks at me, then back at me, then back at the image. Soon, she doesn't know what is me, what is the image. She just knows that she's turned on. Who took the photo? Oh. [Michael quickly advances PowerPoint show to last slide which is "SEX" in bold white letters on a black background and then exits the show quickly] [giggles] Not bad. Thank you. [Michael tries t kiss Donna, Donna clears throat] Hmm. Oh my God. [realizing Jim and Pam are looking through the conference room windows] Jim! Could you come in here for a sec? What was that printer we were looking at? Well, maybe you shouldn't try to kiss people at work. Was it professional? No. But I work in the nightlife industry. I get h*t on all the time. In my 20's it would have been annoying. In my late 20's, I find it really flattering. Yeah. [chuckles] What's that? I don't... I don't think so. I don't see how we could possibly sell these for that little without losing money. Delivery alone will cost... Actually, ran the numbers on this, and in this case, it makes more financial sense to gain money. What if she's just flirting with you to get a better price? Kelly will be even worse than Darryl. If you'd have told me this morning that today I'd be creating a monster capable f my own destruction, I 'd have thought you were referring to the bull Mose and I are trying to reanimate. Mm-hmm. Yes. Oh, I haven't tried those. No. You want one? It's like cool... "certified cool." I like how they say "certified." Like there's some consortium of... [Michael grabs the mint from Donna's hand with his mouth, Donna pulls her hand away] Michael! Well, why don't you shut up! Michael, he's right. You are turning into a stalker. I think it's over, man. Ehh. Nobody's for. I'm not saying she's in love with him. But she could have left a while ago. Most printer sales are done over the phone, Ms. Boob shirt. Wait. Michael. Michael. Michael. No. I do find that offensive, actually. Oh, great. Great, I will look out for that stuff, then. And, um... you know I just wanted to say it was really... really nice to do business with you. Thank you. Did I... get everything? Yeah, I think so. No, it's just in the lot, so... You're welcome. [they hug] You're... welcome. Bye. I don't have, uh, any other questions. [blind clanking as she leans against door to prevent from Michael kissing her] I'm just gonna... make my way down to... Bye-bye! Okay. Hey, Michael. [Michael is sitting on couch outside his office] How you doing? You know what, Michael? For what it's worth... I was wrong, too. I thought she was interested in you. Mm-hmm. Yeah, and the shoulder cutouts. Michael, I think Donna left this here. Should I put it in the lost and found for 14 days and then I can take it home? Yeah. No. Michael... She doesn't want you to return the barrette. She's not interested in you. I'm sorry. Michael! [sighs] [still in parking lot sitting in her car] Michael! Just once, I would like to be a puppet master and have nothing go wrong. Is that too much to ask? No, y-you were... right. You were right. You were right. [Michael leans into Donna's car to kiss her and they kiss passionately] I'm sorry. I'm sor... No... [they kiss again] Kelly got into the minority training program. Oh, Michael. No, I'm serious. It... this happened. I went down to the parking lot and I was... I returned her barrette [holds up barrette] We ki... We did. Okay. We did. We did. Very well. I must have imagined it. I apologize. [Pam clacking her stapler and Jim responding with tapping his keyboard rhythmically] Detonator. Detonator where? Michael! Michael, come on. Fine. [clears throat] Hey. Tap away. [Dwight puts noise-cancelling headphones on and Pam and Jim begin to blink rhythmically] Ooh! Things with Donna are so... oh-ho-ho! They're going great. I, uh... we're just clicking on every level. Emotionally and sexually and... orally and I am not used to relationships going this well. I'm actually having trouble focusing on my job. And I like it! I have an idea for your weekend. Let me get back to my desk right now. Stanley got to go. Walk around apple orchards. Super romantic. Eel fishing. You and Donna should h*t the Poconos. They have heart-shaped Jacuzzis. Room enough for three. Wait, why would you go all the way to the Poconos to P.F. Chang's when we have the Great Wall in Scranton. Wait, that's crazy far. Are you sure she's not cheating? Some diner?! It was the Starlight Diner! It's in a LIFE magazine spread about Americana. You had a nice meal with your girlfriend in a lovely place... That is right. Don't make any more of it. How what? You could start by concluding this meeting. How many dates have you been on? Does she leave the room when she takes phone calls? Does she keep perfume in her purse? Does she shower before sex? Does she shower after sex? Does she... Sorry, dude. Michael, do not let your imagination run amok. Amok. It means, don't let your imagination run out of control. Michael, do not let your imagination run out of control. You do? But you didn't believe any of this was true five minutes ago. That's what makes it so wrong. Oh, God, that tickles. What did... I think I've got one for you. [hands Michael a business card] $100 a day, plus expenses. I'm just gonna warn you... and I say this to all my clients... you might not like what I find. That's interesting. Wow, it's a little early for ice cream, don't you think? You know Michael, this whole Donna thing is gonna be okay, you just... stop b*ating yourself up. Why do we have to see what Dwight says? No, no, no, no. Undo that. Undo that. Michael. Okay, I'm... I'm going to talk straight to you because I think you need to hear it. Michael. Stop eating it! Do you wanna be happy? Look at you. You have a major self-destructive streak in you. And you kind of torpedo every romantic relationship you're in. Helene. My mother. My mother, Helene. [Jim shakes his head] You should stop this, [pulls away mayo and olives bowl] and you should call Dwight right now. Donna, come... Ah! Grr! Ugh! [Dwight is very sore from his "workout" and cannot chase Donna] Oh, I pulled muscles in both my thighs. Thanks for asking. Yeah, no. She's not cheating. Oh, man! Will you help me work out this knot? Right here. [near his groin] Put your fingers here. I'm positive. Yeah, oh, and here's your expense receipts right there. People who don't trust egg whites. Oh, me too. And by the way, uh, I told her not to, but she's coming over here and she's furious. You're right. I was paraphrasing. What she actually said was, [pulls out notebook] "What is with him? He is crazy. I'm coming over there to talk to him." And this was after I have no other recourse but to tell her and gym security that you had me sent there to see if she was cheating. Also, I joined the gym. You'll be billed monthly. [lays down gym membership receipt on a chair in Michael's office. I am not paying for that membership. Maybe you'd be more comfortable in your own office. Uh, no. [Michael sighs, Donna enters] Wait, yes. Yeah. How could you think I would cheat on you? That's pathetic. When I tell you I like you, you need to trust me, not some freak. [Dwight is gulping some sort of power shake] I told you I like you. Hey, if I said that we should go away for a couple of days, you would... Have you ever been to Vero Beach? We're going. Isn't that something? Hey, Michael. I'm sorry to interrupt you. Um, I actually have something very important to talk to you about, business related. I lied it's personal. It's about me and Jim. We're... I just... you're the only person I can talk to. And... No, not... we're not... we're not having problems. But it is personal. And I would love... Yes. Yes, I desperately want to speak with you about my sex life with Jim. [loudly] I need you to sign this! So bad! I am, but I, I gave my clubs away. I swear too much. [Pam and Donna both laugh] Hey, you okay? [to Michael, walking away disappointedly] What? I don't know who he is. What? You just have to go in there. You have to hear it from her. You have to settle down first. Okay. Okay. Yes. Yeah, but you have to calm... Okay. Look at this, look at this. Baby picture. [to Andy] I talked to corporate. Turns out there have been 12 reports of faulty printers. Out of 400,000. [smiles] We've investigated. Every time it's been user error. They block the vents or something, I don't know. That's why we have the fine print. Thank you for bringing this to our attention. So I'd like to reward you for that. [pulls out gift card] That's god for five bucks at Dunkin' Donuts. Any Dunkin' Donuts. [Andy looks over at Darryl and Darryl motions for Andy to go to him] Yeah, we should. Yeah. Thursday works. Yeah, what do you wanna do? Oh, Friday doesn't work. sh**t. I'm working. Well, won't you be at the concert? Oh, well, I can make it on Tuesday. How do you know? I don't wanna prank anymore. Things get real. It's not funny. I'm just gonna be good, stay in my room, go to church, try to do one nice thing per day. I do not wanna prank anymore. What, what do you mean? It's you. I'm married. This here is a radon test kit. [holding out tiny cylinder disc] Okay I will be putting 'em everywhere. And... please don't throw these out. [starts snapping towards Michael's face] This is a radon test kit. [continues snapping] Please don't throw these out. [Michael gives annoyed look] See them all over the office. Toby has been leaving radon kits everywhere, like he owns the place. The first time I threw mine away, I thought it was an ant trap. [finds radon kit in between his blinds in his office] But I figured I'd rather live with ants than with his creepy little disc. [throws it away] The second time... I thought it was one of those, you know, those things you turn over and it moos. [finds another radon kit on top of his cabinet] Like a cow thing. But upon closer examination, it was another ant trap, so I threw it away. And the third time... I did it out of spite. [takes radon kit from the top of the blinds of his office window and slams it into the trash can] Come on, Michael. You're interrupting. Please sit down. YEAH! [laughter] That's... not okay. You were being really funny, and then you went too far. Mm-mm. Is there a curtain rod in the room? Is this the thing where they use an icicle so there's no evidence? I don't wanna do this. Yeah, that works. That works! Oh, and if he makes a joke, just laugh it up, no matter what. Okay? Hi Michael. [gives him a hug] Michael, nice tie or something. That's awesome. You want some ice cream? Exactly. It happened in Big. Hey Michael. We can order in from Hooters. Billy Joel Rock Band. Yes. [shouts] Michael Scott, are you still seeing Donna? Oh Michael. Since when is this an office where we delve into each other's personal lives? That is something I would never do. I ask... everyone in the room, "Are you in a relationship?". Okay. How does he feel about it? Now you're just being hurtful. Hey! Did Donna tell you that? So you're just making a giant assumption. You don't even know the guy. So... here's the thing about infidelity. How does that work? In any cheating movie, the person getting cheated on is the hero. You're Ali Larter, I'm Beyonce. Not this time. This guy's a high school baseball coach, right? Let's go check him out, see what a horrible person he is. Yeah. Those teams have games and practices every day. Let's go check it out. Oh, really? I thought you were the boss. Baseball! Where? Stage right or stage left? I played batboy in damn yankees! [announcer's voice] And Now, coaching third base with two arms, two legs, and no heart. Capable of feeling pain. Chase Dixon is up. Could be a big play. I know it's like cricket. And it's--there's-- well, home plate is like a wicket. Seems pretty well liked by the team. You do know that high school coaches don't pay their players. Great game, coach. Ha. The other guys can go die. Baseball! Go talk to him. But real quick, I want you to meet my associate. Sheldon! Come on, get over here. Get- Get over here. Sheldon, say hi to the nice coach. It's all right. It's all right. Keep it going. Well, that was not at all what I expected. Hoo hoo! Whoo. My heart's still racing. I just looked a man in the eyes and I shook his hand. All the time I was thinking, "I'm sleeping with your wife." And you know who does that? James freakin' Bond. Thanks, Michael. Why would you throw something wet at me? Now, were those for the team? I don't think those were yours to take. Did you talk to him? Was there a fistfight? And it didn't change your mind. Michael, that's awful. Yes. Yeah. That's pretty bad. How can you live with yourself? That's Meredith's cake. It's her birthday. It's hard to live that way man. You gotta really not care what people think about you. I-I don't know how you do it, Michael, I-I-I can't be that cold. [Michael leaving copy machine] Uh, boss, we're out of paper. Are you gonna add any more? He don't give an "F" about nothin'! For your signature. [drops document on Michael's desk] Why not your condo? Oh, Michael, will you drop it? Everybody's spoken their mind, and no one's changing their mind. Do you want someone to stop you? 'Cause no one's going to. Oh, it'll work. [Jim and Pam look shocked and disturbed] Mm. Stop kissing me. It's not in the contract. Michael Scott? Do you wanna make a comment on the rumors? I'm talking about the Sabre printers that catch on f*re.  [high-pitched voice] I saw you on the news and I want to pinch your tiny wiener... [normal voice] It's Packer! OH! Pack Man, I thought you were a girl! Apparently, there are allegations that Sabre printers can cause a f*re. So they asked me to give a statement to the press. I'm like, what? All right. So I do it. It's on TV last night. And it's in the paper today. And it's online. And then I call Froggy 98.7, the request line. I talk to the host about it on the air. It's like, come on, people, enough. What's number one? So instead of working, you want... Okay. Awww, it's kissing its mommy! Michael, you have to see, this is like, the cutest thing ever. Howdy. I hope I'm not interrupting anything. Not long ago, we discovered a defect in one of our printers, so we got a software patch and fixed it right up, just like that. I don't know how it works. But just as we were about to send out a letter to our affected customers, giving 'em free toner, and we keep 'em, happy, but somebody here, they liked that first story better. The one where we lose half our clients for no damn good reason! Whoever it was who talked to the press, they should come forward, please. Can you now? [as Gabe hands out forms to everyone] It's a little form, says "I did not do it." All that's just birthday information, Michael. Why don't you come with me? We'll start out with the honcho, what'cha say? So say we catch this whistleblower, what do you think I should do with him? Uh, that's, uh, Guantanamo Bay. Well, I guess we're all right, Michael. Yeah. Everybody knows it was Andy, and it is not fair for us all to take the fall for his big stupid mouth! Well, buy property. That's my advice. Uh... I, I didn't know. I didn't do that! Okay? I, I... didn't do it. I swear on the graves of my parents who aren't even dead yet. I don't care, that's how much I swear! I don't know who's giving Darryl any crap. He was more bothered about it than me. Yeah, I did. I, I was talking to this girl at a bar. I think she could... sense my sadness, and I, and I found out too late that she... she's the copy editor at the Trib. No. Oh, god, Darryl! This is a very good idea. This is good. Let's get all the bad ideas out now. Flush them out. I don't know what to do! Do I go tell Jo, or - I don't want everyone to keep blaming the wrong person! That fast? Oh. [Michael knocks on Pam's desk] Yeah? [Michael points at Pam, himself, and Meredith, mimes drinking, driving, then points to his watch and holds up five fingers] I weirdly know exactly what you're saying to me. All right, this is just messed up. All right. We're not going for yogurt. Guys, I couldn't help it, it is so boring where we work. I mean, it's as interesting as a morgue. It might be less interesting than a morgue. Thank you, Erin. Woof! Wouldn't we get fired for smashing all the computers? I don't think that's a good idea. Uh, if you turn me in, I'm turning in Darryl. Nobody's going to prison, okay? Um... all right, Michael, you need to convince Jo to go easy on us. And then we'll all confess once we know our jobs are safe. Basement office? You mean like a lair? Michael. Michael Scott... what do you know? What? If it doesn't matter, then tell me. Because I want to deal with it the way I deal with it. Empathize with me for a moment. I came up here with a big problem, and now I got a branch manager who's giving me the silent treatment... Speak to me... speak. [Jo's dog barks] Come with me. [as Michael and Jo leave] Are you leaving? Oh, am I... should I continue with the investigation? But... [Dwight closes phone] Michael. Let's just talk. Honey, you don't seem like your normal self. Mama Jo knew there was something up. Oh, I hate that. Who's Holly? When I was growing up, there was nothing better than being a big old business tycoon. And I thought I'd break that glass ceiling and be a hero to all those little girls out there... and they'd make a Barbie out of me. I, did I sell cheap printers? I do. But if I have to go out there in front of the press and make one of them public apology recalls, I mean, it's all I'll ever be remembered for. Nobody will want to play with my Barbie. Oh honey, surely you don't want that. Yeah. Hey, I appreciate you reading that statement. You looked pretty up there. I hope your rough patch ends soon. Well, give me a shout if I can brighten your life. Oh, I told you. I couldn't close it. So... Actually, you called me in here, but yeah. All right. Well, let me show you how it's done. [on the phone] Yes, I'd like to speak to your office manager, please. Yes, hello. This is Michael Scott. I am the Regional Manager of Dunder Mifflin Paper Products. Just wanted to talk to you manager-a-manger. [quick cut scene] All right. Done deal. Thank you very much, sir. You're a gentleman and a scholar. Oh, I'm sorry. OK. I'm sorry. My mistake. [hangs up] That was a woman I was talking to, so... She had a very low voice. Probably a smoker, so... [Clears throat] So that's the way it's done. Well. I don't know. What? Uh, yeah. Just a fax. You haven't told me. It's called the wastepaper basket! Look at that! Look at that face. My job is to speak to clients on the phone about... uh, quantities and type of copier paper. You know, whether we can supply it to them. Whether they can pay for it. And... I'm boring myself just talking about this. Whassup! I still love that after seven years. Whassup! Whassup. Nothing. All right. Take care. [on her cell phone] Just before lunch. That would be great. Alright, was there anything you wanted to add to the agenda? What? I'm sorry? Well, I faxed one over to you this morning. Uh, yeah, the one... You put in the garbage can that was a special filing cabinet. Do you want to look at mine? OK. Since the last meeting, Ellen and the board have decided we can't justify a Scranton branch and a Stamford branch. Michael, don't panic. No, no, no, Michael, listen OK. Don't panic. We haven't made... We haven't decided. I've spoken to Josh in Stamford. I've told him the same as you and it's up to either him or you to convince me that your branch can incorporate the other. This does, however, mean that there is going to be downsizing. Me no wanna hear that, Jan. Because downsizing is a b*tch. It is a real b*tch. And I wouldn't wish that on Josh's men. I certainly wouldn't wish it on my men. Or women, present company excluded. Sorry. Uh, is Josh concerned about downsizing himself? Not downsizing himself but is he concerned about downsizing? Hey, you big queen. Hey, is old Godzillary coming in today? I've been meaning to ask her one question. Does the carpet match the drapes? So do you think we could keep a lid on this for now? I don't want to worry people unnecessarily. Yeah, stop. That is ridiculous. Am I going to tell them? No, I am not going to tell them. I don't see the point of that. As a doctor, you would not tell a patient if they had cancer. This is Mr. Scott. Ryan Howard from the temp agency. Daniqua sent me down to start today. Yup. You just still have these messages from yesterday. What? Don't we all? Nothing. If you're unhappy with your compensation, maybe you should take it up with HR. OK. Not today, OK? Pam, just be professional. [Sighs] I think I'm a role model here. I think I garner people's respect. [Imitating a PA] Attention all Dunder Mifflin employees, please. We have a meeting in the conference room, ASAP. People I respect, heroes of mine, would be Bob Hope... Abraham Lincoln, definitely. Bono. And probably God would be the fourth one. And I just think all those people really helped the world in so many ways that it's really beyond words. It's really incalculable. I'm Assistant Regional Manager. I should know first. OK, um, can you just tell me please? Just tell me quietly. Can you whisper it in my ear? Please, OK? Do you want me to tell 'em? OK. You tell 'em. With my permission. Permission granted. Go ahead. Yeah but Michael, what if they downsize here? It could be out of your hands Michael. On his mother's grave. What? It's just that we need to know. Are you sure about that? You can't say for sure whether it'll be us or them, can you? Jim said mixed berries? Well, yeah, he's on to me. Um... [Laughs] What's up? Nice to meet you. Dwight Schrute, Assistant Regional Manager. Uh... yeah I got a '78 280Z. Bought it for $1,200. Fixed it up. It's now worth three grand. Damn it! Jim! It's OK here, but people sometimes take advantage because it's so relaxed. I'm a volunteer Sheriff's Deputy on the weekends. And you cannot screw around there. That's sort of one of the rules. That is my stapler. It's always you. Are you going to discipline him or not? Yeah. OK. Dwight, I'm sorry, because I have always been your biggest flan. You should've put him in custardy. OK, that's great. I guess what I'm most concerned with is damage to company property. That's all. Do I think I'll be invited to the wedding? [scratches head] Yeah. All right. You got a fax. What? Why? Stealing? What am I supposed to have stolen? Post-it Notes? What are those worth, 50 cents? Are you serious? I can't believe this. I mean I have never even stolen as much as a paperclip and you're f*ring me. But the best thing about it is that we're not going to have to give you any severance pay. Because that is gross misconduct and... Just clean out your desk. I'm sorry. You're a jerk. I don't know about that. Oh, I'm all set, thanks. Gotcha. Good. I'd go with the rows. That's a good idea. Who doesn't love that? All right. It was fine. Martinez. Great. We're all set. Yeah, uh, Mr. Decker, please. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Great. Thank you. Thank you very much. OK. Thanks for filling these out and I promise this'll be quick. At Diversity Today, our philosophy is about honesty and positive expectations. We believe that 99% of the problems in the workplace arise simply out of ignorance. Uh, see this is what I'm talking about. We don't have to pretend we're color-blind. That's fighting ignorance with more ignorance. No. With more ignorance. Right. Exactly. Uh, instead, we need to celebrate our diversity. Right. OK. Yes, exactly. Now here's what we're going to do. I've noticed that... Actually, I'd prefer not to start that way. Michael, I would love to have your permission to run this session. Can I have your permission? Thank you very much. And it would also help me if you were seated. A few of the ground rules? I figured it would save time. Mr. Brown. Well, it's my name. It's not a test. OK? Um, so looking through the cards, I've noticed that many of you wrote down the same incident, which is ironic, because it's the exact incident I was brought in here to respond to. Now, how many of you are familiar with the Chris Rock routine? Very good. OK. So we're going to reenact this with a more positive outcome. Well, let's have someone who wasn't involved in the reenactment. Great. You're the Chris Rock guy and you're guy listening. OK. Basically, there are two types of black people and black people are actually more r*cist because they hate the other type of black people. Every time the one type wants to have a good time, then the other type comes in and makes a real mess. Wait a second. Stop it! Now, I need you to take these forms. This kind of expresses the joint experience we had today. And I need you to look 'em over and sign them as kind of a group pledge. I can't leave until you do. Michael, can I talk to you candidly? We both know that I'm here because of the comments you made. Um, it's not throwing me. I need your signature. Yes, but you're not listening to me. Yours is the only signature I need. Those are my instructions from the Corporate offices to put you through this seminar for the comments that you made. The reason I made copies for everyone was so you wouldn't be embarrassed. Don't worry about dating. OK. Thank you. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, hi. Is Mr. Decker around? Oh, well, could you just have him call me after lunch? Thank you. "I pledge to always keep an open mind and an open heart." I do believe... in that part of the pledge I that just read. But a pledge? Come on. I mean who are we, the Girl Scouts? No. Look... the guy, "Mr. Brown," he got us halfway there. He got us talking. Well, no. I got us talking. He got us nothing. He insulted us and he abandoned us. You call that diversity training? I don't. Were there any connections between any of us? Did anyone look each other in the eye? Was there any emotion going on? No. Where was the heart? I didn't see any heart. Where was my Oprah moment? OK, get as much done as you can before lunch because, afterward, I'm going to have you all in tears. Hey, we're not all going to sit in a circle Indian style are we? [Laughing] I'm sorry. No, this is not a joke. OK? That was offensive and lame. So double offensive. This is an environment of welcoming and you should just get the hell out of here. OK, let's go. Let's do it. Come on. Let's have some fun, everybody. Here we go. Take a seat. Cop a squat. And um... thanks for coming in. Um... Diversity... is the cornerstone of progress as I've always said. But don't take my word for it. Let's take a look at the tape. [on the tape] Hi. I'm Michael Scott. I'm in charge of Dunder Mifflin Paper Products here in Scranton, Pennsylvania but I'm also the founder of Diversity Tomorrow, because today is almost over. Abraham Lincoln once said that, "If you're a r*cist, I will att*ck you with the North." And those are the principles that I carry with me in the workplace. Uh, is that it? It was kind of hard to hear. I have a customer meeting. What part Native American? Two fifteenths, that fraction doesn't make any sense. OK, Michael, um... Both my parents were born in Mexico. And, uh, they moved to the United Sates a year before I was born. So I grew up in the United States. My parents were Mexican. Thank... Yeah... Mexican isn't offensive. Like what? What connotations, Michael? You meant something. I'm just curious. Hello? Hello? I have something here. I want you to take a card. Put it on your fore... Don't look at the card. I want you to take the card and put it on your forehead and... Take a card, take a card, any card. Um... And I want you to treat other people like the race that is on their forehead. OK? So everybody has a different race. Nobody knows what their race is, so... I want you to really go for it, cause this is real. You know, this isn't just an exercise. This is real life. And... I have a dream that you will really let the sparks fly. Get 'er done. Why? Because Martin Luther King is a hero of mine. There's this great Chris Rock bit about how streets named after Martin Luther King tend to be more violent. I'm not going to do it but it's... Great. Thank you. Who am I supposed to be? Outback steakhouse. [Australian accent] I'm Australian, mate! Oh, man, am I a woman? Stop... OK. All right. No. It's good. You just need to push it. You need to go a little bit further. All right. OK. I just had the longest meeting. Oh! Welcome to my convenience store. Would you like some googi googi? I have some very delicious googi, googi, only 99 cents plus tax. Try my googi, googi. [Lowering voice] Try my googi, googi. [High-pitched voice] Try my googi, googi. Try my... [slap!] [on the phone] Mr. Decker, we didn't lose your sale today, did we? Excellent. OK. Let me just get your... what's that? No, we didn't close last time. I just need your... Oh. W-What code were you given? Oh, OK. That's actually another salesman here. I can redo it if you want to do that. Oh, he gave you a discount? No, I don't blame you. [Itialian accent]Maybe some spagh-etti. It's collard greens. It's collard greens. I'm not making any copies. Nothing new. There's nothing new. Oh, do you want me to repeat the messages that I gave you before for the... [nods toward camera] So, which health plan have you decided on? Wait, acupuncture? None of the plans have acupuncture. Have you looked at them closely Michael? The Gold Plan? I'm not even on that plan. Michael. You know the whole reason that we're doing this, is to save money. So you just need to pick a provider and choose the cheapest plan. It's your job. So... Michael... maybe... I mean... Sometimes a manager, like yourself, has to deliver the bad news to the employees. I do it all the time. [laughs]... your problem. Jimbo! Ha haaaaa. Ah. Gosh. That is a great offer. Thank you. I really think I should be concentrating on sales. OK, first, let's go over some parameters. How many people can I f*re? OK, we'll table that for the time being. Two, I'll need an office. I think the conference room should be fine. [to self] Yes, I have an office. [to camera] Bigger than his. OK, I take it back, it's a workspace. Thank you. Dunder Mifflin, this is Pam. Where are you? Actually, people are really unhappy. Um, Dwight sent around this memo and people are freaking out 'cause the... No you're not. OK. Michael, can I talk to you? Michael. Michael, please, can we talk to you about this memo? Dwight's health care memo. I told you about it. Michael, he made huge cuts. Yeah, you said... I can handle that. Nothing, Kevin. Workspace. Where are you going? Um, headed out. Part of my busy day, you know. Meetings. [Giggles] Couldn't find the knob. I don't know of anything like that, but, um, you know what you might want to do, is just call those casinos directly. Um, maybe? Thank you. You mean the elevator that takes you down into the mineshaft? It's not really a ride. It goes 300 feet into the earth, but it moves really slowly. It's an industrial coal elevator. Uh, all right. Well, once you get down into the mine, what... you got laser tag or something? Oh, this is your cell, I thought this was your... [dial tone] Did you get the kind with the cookies? Instead of the... Oh, thanks. This isn't the big surprise, is it? Because we've been having a pretty horrible day. Michael. Michael? Well? Why did you put Dwight in charge of that? He did a horrible job. I most certainly did not. What about the surprise? We all think you don't have a surprise. All right, I have some news for you. There is a big surprise. And... here it is. Here we go. And the big surprise is... Brrrrrrrr! Drum roll... Brrrrrrrr! Brrrrrrrr! When I am backed into a corner, that is when I come alive. See I learned improve from the greats, like, um, Drew Carey and Ryan Stiles. [clapping hands] God, yeah... Ah! This... Michael!? I wanted to talk to you about the downsizing? I, but if there were, I'd be protected as assistant regional manager? Yeah, so I don't have to worry? Look, look, look. I talked to corporate, about protecting the sales staff. And they said they couldn't guarantee it if there's downsizing, okay? Bottom line. Do I need to be worried? Mmm, mm, mm. Maybe. I didn't do it. What do you mean? Oh, the water cooler was brought over here for... maintenance. So what do you guys hear? What's the scuttlebutt? Get set for Operation Morale Improvement starring Michael Scott. Now, I think I have had a little stroke of genius in that I have had my assistant Pam... Smile, Pam. I have had her go out and find out whose birthday is coming up, so we can have a little celebration for it. Not bad, not bad at all. All right. And the birthday person is... drum roll please. Here we go, who is the birthday, birthday person? Um... Actually, we don't have any staff birthdays coming up. Oh. Okay, umm... that would be Meredith. But it's not until next month. You still want to have a party? Yeah, why not? Sure. Go ahead, live a little. Come on, Pam. Come on, shake it up. Shake it up! Shake it up! This was tough. I suggested we flip a coin. But Angela said she doesn't like to gamble. Of course by saying that she was gambling that I wouldn't smack her. These are my party-planning beeyatches. Pulled off an amazing '80s party last year. Off the hook! Meredith's allergic to dairy, so... It is... her birthday. All right. Because we're strong, Dwight. Because we're strong. [staring at birthday card] Meredith, Meredith... Meri... Mary had a little lamb. Mary... Meredith had a little lamb. Don't bring that lamb to work or it'll poop on the floor. Uh, I'm sorry to bother you. My nephew is involved with, um, a charity for cerebral palsy, and I was wondering if maybe you'd like to... you know... if... Donate to the charity? Thank you. That's... that's... that's very generous. That was beautiful. All her idea too. Awesome. She is so great. Hey, you wanted to see me? I don't think she'd be missed. Name, Meredith Palmer. Uh, personal information, divorced twice, two kids. Uh, Employer, Dunder Mifflin Paper Incorporated. Awards, multiple Dundies. She had a hysterectomy. That's where they remove the uterus. It could be kind of funny. Michael? Are you done yet? No, it's ah... [tunelessly] Happy birthday to you. [singing] ... birthday, dear Meredith Happy birthday to you... Last year, five years ago... Yes. Uh, I can't. Um... I can't eat dairy. Yeah, it makes me sick. [box falls over] Oh. Speaking of which, I meant to tell you. Very impressive, the uh, donation you gave to Oscar's charity. What was it? 25 bucks? Yeah, well, three dollars a mile. It's gonna end up being like 50 bucks. So... God, I can't even calculate what you're gonna have to give. Is Oscar around? Well, that's what a walk-a-thon is. It says it right on the sheet. Look, look at the sheet. It says, "However many dollars per mile." I just think it's kind of cheap to un-donate money to a charity. Yeah. Last year, he walked 18 miles. Happy Birthday. [gives Meredith her card] "Happy Bird-day" Um... "Meredith, good news. You're not actually a year older because you work here, where time stands still." That was Stanley. "Meredith, happy birthday, you're the best. Love, Pam." This is from Michael. "Meredith, let's hope the only downsizing that happens to you is that someone downsizes your age." No, I... I get it. It's funny. You're right. You're right. Yes. How old is she? How old is she? "She's so old, she went into an antique store and they kept her." Uh, nice party Michael. Oh, boy... You... Per mile. Per mile, yes. When I retire, I... don't want to just disappear to an island somewhere. I wanna be the guy who gives everything back. A check for the kids, and for the team. Thank you, Michael. [to Jim] Hey, you ready? Michael! Today at lunchtime we're going to be playing the warehouse staff at a friendly little game of basketball. My idea. Last time I was down there, I noticed they'd put up a couple of hoops, and I play basketball every weekend. So I thought, "This might be kinda fun." And so I started messing around and... I'm sinking a few, you know. Swish, swish, swish. Nothing but net. And their jaws just dropped to the floor. African-Americans! So... you know, it's really just a good friendly game, a reason to get together. Michael, can I talk to you, please? Privately? In your office? I think I should be on the team. Oh, please. I apologized for that. Michael, I... I can handle that. And that's why you have an assistant regional manager. [to camera] Same thing. My fiance has plans for us this Saturday. So I really hope that Dwight doesn't make me work. Maybe I should sleep with him? I'm kidding, kidding. Totally kidding. Fine, don't worry about that. What's up? It's not my real name. Darryl Philbin. Then Regis, then Rege, then Roger, then Mister Rogers. Yeah, yeah. Pam gets a little down. Her toaster oven broke. Um, which she got at her engagement shower. Um, for a wedding that still has yet to be set... and that was three years ago. We're loading at one. 15. So, that's the busy time. All right, fine, you know what? One o'clock. All right, see you at one. [half-heartedly] Yeah. Gimli. Just trying to be helpful. That's him. I'm sorry? Why "of course"? What's that supposed to mean? Uh, I heard it. I'd like to play if it's just for fun. I played basketball in school. But, I'm getting paid to skip lunch? OK. I can help out, if you need me. I have a hoop in my driveway. I have a sports bra. Michael, look. [Dwight throws paper at the garbage can] Missed it... Yes! Can I be team captain? Can I be team manager? Assistant team manager? OK, we'll see who's working this weekend then. Oh my God. thr*at neutralized. Please don't throw garbage at me. I'll do it. Wear a little flouncey skirt if you want, and... Maybe Angela would cheerlead. I'll do it. Oh, yuck, that's worse than you playing. ... 'Cause we need you as an alternate in case somebody gets hurt. That's where we need you. Blessed be those who sit and wait. You made it, suit up, you're on the team! All right, cool! Very good. Just getting a tea bag. Why don't we make it more interesting? Loser buys dinner at Farley's. No, that's not as much fun. You know what? You're on. OK. Cool, you're on. [to Dwight] Don't screw this up. I think I'll see you at the mall. Yeah. Yeah, you too. Should be fun. I stretched before I came. OK. Really? I thought I'd take Roy. [taking off his shirt] OK, we'll be skins! What? Shirts on or off? You sure? Don't listen to him Pam. Trust me, tip it my way or you're sleeping in the car. That's what I'm talking about. [Roy scores] Well done team. Woo! [misses a half court sh*t] Aw, come on! What is wrong with me today!? Usually h*t those. [Dwight scores] Dwight, I was open. All right, let's go. OK. OK, I'll take it. [misses free throw] OK. When I am playing hoops all of the stress and responsibility of my job here just melts away. It's gone, I'm in the zone. [misses another sh*t] What is wrong with me today?! Who am I? Am I Michael Scott? I don't know... I might just be a basketball machine. What's Dunder Mifflin? I've never heard of it. Filing? Paperwork? Who cares? Possible downsizing? Um... well, that's probably gonna happen, actually. [dancing] Where you at? Where you at? You over there? I'm over there. That is cool. Is that like the Robot? Hey! Come on man! Yeah, like that counts. You know what? Dwight, Dwight... Football is like rock and roll, it's just bam-bam-boo... And basketball is like jazz, you know? You're kind of... Dupee-doo, dupee-do. It's all downbeat, it's in the pocket, it's like... [singing] Dupee-do, dupee-do, dapee-dah... [steals the ball, scores, mimics singing] Du-du-du-du-dupee-do. Your ball. All right, time, time out. Come on, sales, over here. Bring it in! Come on! You know what? Let me take Roy. All right, switch. Take it up a notch, come on. He's afraid of you now. [Jim makes a sh*t after pushing off Roy] Ouch! Oh, how much does it hurt? How much does it hurt? No, you take it easy. [Dwight steals the ball from Ryan] Same team, Dwight. [scores] Yes! You're ahead. Yeah, baby, here we go! I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You all right? Sorry, I didn't mean to do that. Take your sh*t man! No it wasn't. Oh, really? No, I just put my arm up... Here, give me that. You have to break the interior bag. [bag explodes] Wait, what does that mean? What is it, a tie? What's going on? That was you. Yeah, this isn't happening. So what's that? We're coming in on Monday, right? Monday? Yeah? Let's get you into a tub. What time do we have to come in? Come on. Let's not be gloomy here man. We're all in this together. We're a team. You know what? Screw corporate, nobody's coming in tomorrow. You have the day off. Like coming in an extra day is gonna prevent us from being downsized. Have a good weekend. Are you listening to me Michael? What did I just say? Alan and I have created an incentive program to increase sales. I'm not going to do that Michael. We've created an incentive program to increase sales. At the end of the month you can reward your top seller with a prize worth up to a thousand dollars. Uh, yes. Yes you can. No, Michael. No. You can't win this prize. I didn't mean me! Sex. t*rture. Uh, Michael? Hey, there's a... There's a person here... There's... There's a person here who wants to sell handbags. Okay, I told her you'd talk to her. Okay. This one is hand embroidered. Cocks in the henhouse. Katy. Ah, Katy. Wow. Look at you. You are, uh you're like the new and improved Pam. Pam 6.0.[Pam looks embarassed at Michael - Katy looks sympathetically at Pam] So am I. Doesn't matter. 30. Well, lets put 'em in the hallway. Give 'em some chairs. Right? Decisiveness. One of the keys to success according to Small Businessman. I do. I read Small Business man. I also uh, subscribe to USA Today and American Way Magazine, that's the in-flight magazine. Some great articles in that. They did this great profile last month of Doris Roberts and where she likes to eat when she's in Phoenix. Illuminating. This is my conference room. So please, uh, make yourself at home. Whatever you need, I'm right on the other side of this wall. [knocks on wall] used to be a window here. There's not anymore. So, that's where I will be.[Katy unpacks her handbags] I guess a cup of coffee would be great. What? Regular coffee is fine. No really it is. Bring it on. The purse girl hits everything on my checklist. Creamy skin. Straight teeth. Curly hair. Amazing breasts. Not for me, for my children. The Schrutes produce very thirsty babies. Thank you. Gosh, I would love to but, my purses, I should, um... I'm installing File Share on all the computers. Yeah, well, bladdy-bluda-blah-blah. Techno-babble. Just do it, okay. We have company. Right? I'm on the phone. That was on Sesame Street. No, I don't believe that. It's nice having Katy around. It's another person for Michael to um, interact with. Hi, nice to meet you. Eighty-nine. Yeah. A girl. I should probably get back to my table. Okay. Alright. Cool. See ya in a bit. [looks at picture on Toby's desk] Oh, she's cute. Cutie-pie. Back to work. I wished, right? Good. [whispers] Sorry. [to Pam] Come back... Is that from Starbucks? Wow. Is that for the office? I wouldn't think of it. Coffee is the great incentivizer in the office. It's a drug. It is quite literally a drug that speeds people up. It's not the only drug that speeds people up. You hear stories about Dunder Mifflin in the eighties before everybody knew how bad cocaine was. Guh. Man, did they move paper! Oh, nothing. My ride just bailed on me. Oh no, it's um... No... No. I really don't want to inconvenience you. At five? Okay. Okay, I guess that would be, I guess that would be okay. Okay. Cool. Cool. Great. Cool. Cool. [takes deep breath - looks at camera] Yeah, okay. It's actually better this way. Michael could I ask you something? I wanted to ask your permission to ask out Katy. I know it's against the rules and everything. Because... Thank you, Michael. I appreciate this so much. What? Is that all it is? Just a ride home? Like a taxicab? Please. Please, I am your inferior and I'm asking you this favor. Can you promise me that it will just be a ride home? You cannot promise me, or you won't promise me? Do you love her? Hmmm... Oh, thank you. Is that from the machine that was in your office? I thought that was the incentive prize for the top salesperson. Very easy to clean.[Stanley walks out] Okay. Like he's going to win anyway, right? [laughs] Yeah, I gave it to you. So, can I..? [points to the door] Gray. Dark Gray. Charcoal. Yeah. I would love to. Alright. You don't want to recycle them? Do you want this? [holding a full bottle of water] What about this bottle of power drink? Blue. Blue Blast. Okay. No, this is Rite Aid Night Swept. Well, it's empty. Wow. How many filet-o-fishes did you eat? Alright. I think in order to be a ladies man, it's imperative that people don't know you're a ladies man, so I kind of play that close to the chest. I don't know, what can I say? Women are attracted to power. And I think other people have told me that I have a very symmetrical face. [laughs] I don't know. I don't know. Maybe they're right? I don't know. Goodnight, it was nice nice to meet some of you. Goodnight, Michael. I don't know. Grab a drink, I think? I uh, I probably should have told you, I don't need a ride now 'cause Jim can take me home after so you're off the hook. I got this. [taking Katy's bag from Michael] I got it. Don't drink and drive. Have a good night. You're not going to freak out? You know what they say about a car wreck, where it's so awful you can't look away? The Dundies are like a car wreck that you want to look away, but you have to stare at it because your boss is making you. What? [in Fat Albert voice] Fat Halpert. [in normal voice] Jim Halpert. Oh, I can't because I keep them hidden. I don't want to look at them and get cocky. Mine are at home in a display case above my bed. Gyaaah. T.M.I. T.M.I my friends. T.M.I.? Too much information. Ah, it's just easier to say T.M.I. I used to say "Don't go there" but that's... lame. I don't know where they are, I think I threw them out. I think I did. Say, we got to order some more apa-teezers this time. We ran out last year, remember? Yes we should. I... you know what? I wanted one of those skillets of cheese, but when I got off stage, [turns to Kevin] someone had eaten all of them. [in video] That's supposed to be confidential. [in video] He has the award-ah! ...it's a type of song that we are going to play for the ladies. h*t it, Dwight![Dwight starts playing the tune of "Mambo No. 5" by Lou Bega on his recorder] [singing along to tune on video] A little bit of Paaam, all night long, a little bit of Angela on the thing...[Somebody sits in front of the camera on the video, so even though nothing can be seen, Michael can still be heard] Oh, yeah, this is the part where Kevin sat in front of the camcorder all night. It's great. Okay, now I'm laughing at you. [on speaker phone] It's a, it's, it's a two and a half hour drive from New York, Michael. No. No, we don't approve of this Michael. I mean, y-you only had the budget for one office party a year, so... we're not paying for this. Um...[Michael looks at the camera and motions for the camera to leave the office] Are you there Michael? Yeah, I'm here, I just wanted to, uh, talk to you for a second about that.[Michael closes the blinds][The camera tries to find a cr*ck in the blinds] Um, what, ah, what is, I mean...[The camera pans around to reception, Pam is listening] ...come on, Jan![The camera goes to a side of Michael's office where the blinds are still partially open] Really? I'm dropping an atomic b*mb on you? You already had a party on May 5th for no reason. And you had a luau.... And a tsunami relief fundraiser which somehow lost a lot of money. Okay, well, I don't understand why anyone would have a tsunami FUN raiser, Michael. I mean, that doesn't even make sense. Well, I think a lot of people were very affected by the footage. I am not. [in video] The Dundie award for "Longest Engagement" goes to Pam Beesley. Pam, everybody! [starts clapping][Pam just sits there stirring her drink, rolls her eyes and glances over at Jim][Jim, at the adjacent table, crosses his arms and glances over at Pam, both look annoyed] [on video] Yes. [on video] Ah, w-we'll see you next year. [on video] Yeah, oh, hope not! Oh God! No, it's hilarious, you're right. I just think, um, "world's longest engagement", um, we're all expecting it, you know? Well I think if you use the same jokes it just comes across as lazy. Michael... ...Dwight is banning us from our bathroom. Nnnnno, there needs to be repercussions... ...for people's behavior. And it's- Just STAP IT YAP IT!!!! [with a small fist pump] Yes! Before we get started, a few announcements. Keep your acceptance speeches short, I have wrap it up music, and I'm not afraid to use it. [points] Devon! The Dundies are kind of like a kid's birthday party, and you go, and there's really nothing for you to do there. But the kid's having a really good time, so you're, kind of there. That's-that's kind of what it's like. The waitress tripped on the cord. [to waitress] Oh, just put these on the group tab. You said, we could bring our families. I did, my wife's name is Terri. It's this person who's hand I'm holding Michael.[Michael is dumbfounded, Dwight pushes a button on his keyboard that says, "OHHH, YEAHHHH."] Really? We don't have any girls from HR. Yeah? Yeah! Like an A*DS test? No! [under his breath] God. Um... Yeah, gotta eat somewhere. And now... to someone who quietly goes about their job, but always seems to land the biggest accounts... ...the "Busiest Beaver" award goes to Phyllis Lapin.[Everybody starts clapping, Phyllis gets out of her booth and makes her way to Michael, she gives Jim a high five along the way] This says "Bushiest Beaver". It's, it's fine. If you would have asked me that, then you would know.[Michael has false teeth in and glasses with squinted eyes on them] Yeah. [doing impression] Oh, dat wir be fwar. Ah, me so horny.[The camera zooms to an Asian customer behind Michael, she is looking at Michael in disbelief] [to an off camera waiter and still clutching Jim's beer] Can I get a drink? This next award goes to somebody, who really, lights up the office.[Cut to Pam still drinking the beer] Somebody, who I think a lot of us, cannot keep, from checking out. The "Hottest in the Office" award goes to... ...Ryan the temp! What am I going to do with the award? Nothing. I-I don't know what I'm going to do. That's the least of my...concerns right now. Second drink? "Spicy Curry", what's that mean? Yeah, but why'd you give it to me? This is a bowler- Yeah, but everyone else- Just sit down Kelly. [sweaty and chugging water from a bottle] It's so freakin' hot in there. Now I know what Bob Hope was going through when he performed in Saudi Arabia. Man! I got Dwight sucking the funny out of the room, but you do what you can do. [Music starts playing in the background] Here we go, he's early with the cue. Here we go. Sing it Elton. We just came from yo' mama's house. Sing 'em a song dude. Uh, you know what guys, we're just having a little office party, so if you want, uh... You suck man! Let's cut it. [Dwight turns the music off] [clears throat] [with a lot less enthusiasm] I had a few more Dundies to, uh, give out tonight, but, I'm just going to cut it short. And wrap it up so everybody can enjoy their food. Um...thanks for listening, those who listened. [clears throat] This last Dundie is for Kevin, this is the "Don't Go in There After Me" award. It's for the time that I went into the bathroom after him, and it was really, really smelly. So... Dundies! Dundies! Fine work! Fine work Stanley! So, I don't know what to think about this award. But at least I didn't get smelliest bowel movement like Kevin. [starts chuckling] And this next award is going out to our own little Pam Beesley...[Cut to Pam, her face goes from drunken elation to sober realization] ...I think we all know what award Pam is going to be getting this year.[Cut to Jim's reaction of scared expectation] It is the "Whitest Sneakers" award! Because she always has the whitest tennis shoes on! And, I feel God in this Chili's tonight. WHOOOOOOOO!!!! [struggling] Ahh! I can't- We have a strict policy here not to over serve. Apparently, this young woman was sneaking drinks off other people's tables. I Xeroxed her driver's license and she is not welcome to this restaurant chain ever again. Watch your step. Thanks, I had to, uh, check her pupils to make sure there wasn't a concussion. Hey. Um... I don't think so. Oh! There it is! Um... 'Fifty signs your priest might be Michael Jackson.' Well done. Topical. So the monkey does the sex thing right here! [monkey noises in background] Do you want the link because then you could forward it around? Consider it? What has two thumbs and likes to bone your Mom? [points at self] This guy! [makes laser g*n noises] bleep, bleep. What's up, Halpert? Still q*eer? Uh oh! Oh-ho-ho-ho-ho-o! Todd Packer and I are total BFF. Best Friends Forever. He and I came up together as salesmen. One time, we were out and we met this set of twins. And Packer told them that we were brothers. And so, you know, one thing led to another, and we brought em back to the motel. And then Packer did both of them. It was awesome. So... Are you kidding? Everyone knows why! You don't know? Okay, check this out. Al lright. So here's the story. So Randall is nailing his secretary, right? And she is totally incompetent. We're talking blonde incompetent. Like 10 words a minute... talking. They are women, right? I said it. And then, suddenly, for no reason, this bimbo blows the whistle on the whole thing just to be a b*tch. Meant to ask you, can you think you can get someone to drive me around because of the, uh, DUI situation? [to Ryan] Come on, kid. Let's go. Yeah. As a child, did Pam show any traits that would hint towards her future career as a receptionist? Yes! Michael? Um... I need to talk to you in your office. It'll just take two seconds. Um... literally two seconds? The full story is that Randall resigned because of sexual harassment. So Corporate asked me to do a five minute review of the Company Sexual Harassment policy. It's really not a big deal, Michael. And then Corporate is going to send in a lawyer... Just to refresh you... . on our policy. Maybe not some of them. Maybe not inappropriate ones. There is no such thing as an appropriate joke. That's why it's a joke. Yeah, okay. Corporate would like us to do a five minute review of the Company Sexual Harassment policy so I'll go over that later. I wish you luck, Toby. I really do. But you are going to have a mutiny on your hands and I just can't wait to see how you handle it. A guy goes to a five dollar... lady of the night and he gets crabs. So, the next day he goes back to complain. And the woman says "Hey. It was only five dollars. What did you expect? Lobster?" This is what's at stake. Like a joke? A knock-knock joke? Oh! Man, we can see all your business coming around the corner, okay? You need to, you know, hide the... good thing you don't have a lot of business to start with. Hey, hey, hey. So you don't have the biggest package. Don't feel bad. [fake whispers to Roy] I think he feels bad. You look like you feel bad. Little package! Little package! Little package! Um... in fact, basic rule of thumb, let's just act everyday like Pam's Mom's coming in. All right. That's it. Um... if anybody has any questions about anything, you know where I sit in the back. Uh, yes! I can go over it with you. It's over. Email forwards. I hate them. You send me these filthy emails and you say forward them to ten people or you'll have bad luck. All relationships? Eh, even a one-night stand? Yeah, Meredith. Yes. She wasn't that hot. I'm in an office relationship. It's special. Um... she's nice. She's shy. She's actually here. You want to meet her? Hold on one second. Oh, my God! Put on a shirt! Put on a... . I told you that you'd be on camera. I'm sorry, she's European. No, I told you that you'd be on camera. Stop it. No. Well, that would be... Okay, I'm lost. Rules for the Modern Workplace] No, thanks. I'm good. Uh... my mother's coming. Yes! [to video screen] Right here. You are a naughty girl! [to cell phone] Yes. Yes, I did. Okay. Well, we can talk about that later then. [to Pam] Hi. Where is Michael Snot? Sniffing some dude's thong? Probably. I love lawyer jokes. Well, it's probably because you don't get 'em. You seem a little bit agitated, Michael. What's the problem? Well, that... that's true in a way. You can't say anything. Do you need to see the video again, Michael? [to Jan] He talked the whole time. No, I didn't. [to Jan] Huh, what? [everyone looks up at blow-up doll] Does that include 'That's What She Said'? Wow! That is really hard. You really think you can go all day long? Well, you always left me satisfied and smiling, so... Michael. MICHAEL! There he is. There he is. Good one. Mike... Michael. Please. I... I... really. That's not my sense of humor. Wha... [to camera] And motorcycle head injuries, worker's comp, and diet pill lawsuits. [to Albiny] 'Scuse me, I'm sorry. [to Michael] Michael. Mr. O'Malley is your lawyer. Mr. O'Malley is our Corporate lawyer. We have him on retainer. To protect the company as well as upper level management, such as yourself. So I'm not in trouble? I am so used to being the bad boy. I am so used to fighting Corporate that I forget that I am Corporate. Upper management. They hooked me up with an attorney. To protect me. You can't be too careful about what you say. Mo' money, mo' problems. Yeah, but I did a lot of paperwork at home before I got here. Phyllis? Ex-squeeze me? Packer said it. I'm the same age as you, Michael. We're in the same High School class. You mean where my desk is? Okay. I have a lot of work to do anyway. Oh my. They really got to you, didn't they? Michael! Come on! You don't have to worry. I'm not going to... ...report you to HR. You know what? The only thing I'm worried about... is getting a boner. Good work today, everybody. I got your sausage, egg and cheese biscuit. What was the thing, ah, you needed me to come in early for? I'm just going to take a nap in my car until work starts. Ok. [Removes biscuit, leaving only sausage, egg and cheese.] Healthier. Gotta watch those carbs. Diversifying. Smart. And it worked. They should bring the stocks back. People'd obey the law, there'd be less troublemakers. You should go. Uh huh. You have your lawyer there? Can I be your representative? I think I should be there. I'm good. I can make sure things are up to code. Please, I'm always the guy you rely on at work. So you're taking a personal day? Please, I'll make you proud. Yes! As your representative? Same thing. I have been Michael's #2 guy for about 5 years. And we make a great team. We're like one of those classic famous teams. He's like Mozart, and I'm like Mozart's friend. No. I'm like Butch Cassidy, and Michael is like Mozart. You try and hurt Mozart; you're going to get a b*llet in your head courtesy of Butch Cassidy. You headed out? Ok. Have a great time. Yeah, I changed them to your new address. Yup. Yes, I changed your Cracked magazine subscription. [shakes head] Yeah. What kind of shocks you got on this baby? [tries to open sun roof] I want to put the top down. But then no one can see us. Check it out. [points at sunglasses] Terminator. You should ask Toby to teach you Dunderball. Which one's yours? Michael, this is Bill. He's the head of the condo association. Nice to meet you. This is smaller than your old place. It's a very gay-friendly neighborhood. Fair enough. Oh. Terrible idea. No, no, no, no, no. This is a shared wall. Neighbor throws his wife into the wall, plasma screen hits the floor. Totally smashed. Warrantees don't cover it, plus they're a rip-off. Shh Shh. What kind of mortgage did you get? Well, ten over thirty, so thirty year total. Ho, thirty years. Wow, you'll be paying this off in your mid-seventies. Forget about retiring when you're 65. Hey, I've got an idea. You know that extra bedroom? If the whole girlfriend thing never happens, that's where the nurse can live. Whenever you're ready. Hey, look! Cool. Carpenter ants. We'll be here waiting for you. Whenever you're ready, Michael. Yes! Phyllis! [claps] Phyllis, just put your foot right through here [lifts strap on box of paper]. Right through the flonk. What? Michael, this is the unit you saw and... Who told you that? As far as I can tell, I'm the best-looking person here. Is this a financial thing? If it's a financial thing, what some people do is they rent out the third bedroom. That's some extra income for you. You will lose $7,000 if you walk away right now. Ehhhh.... Wow! Ok. No one else should even try! Gold medals! Give him medals. Wow. You didn't have to... No, no. I insist. I insist. Because you've really done some great work. Great work. And that is why, I am going to let you move into my third bedroom and pay me rent. I don't even know what to say. Question. Where can I put my terrarium? It's a fish t*nk for snakes and lizards. Question. What about carpooling, who pays for the gas? Question. Can sometimes I drive your car and you drive mine? Just for fun? Question. Who is the primary on the f*re insurance? You know you can always refinance your mortgage. We had a 15 year on our beet farm. We paid it off early. People love beets. Everybody loves beets. Let's get this roof going. Michael. Nothing. I just wanted to congratulate you on your condo. Nice. Hey, would you mind coming out here for a second? I just have something for you. Really? These are the Closing Ceremonies. Step up. You're on the top one. [Michael stands on podium] Congratulations to Michael, because he closed on his condo. So, gold medal. [everyone claps] And for Dwight Schrute, the silver medal. Silver medal. Um... 'Cause your condo's in America. Okay. The temp agency wants to know what you think. Michael's in there right now evaluating the temp. He hasn't evaluated me in years. Ah, well, I'm interested in business. Uh, no, actually, uh, what I want is to own my own company. That is ridiculous. Ryan's about to attend the Michael Scott School of Business. I'm like Mr. Miyagi and Yoda rolled into one. Fozzie bear? Mmm... No. That was Yoda. Got it. And I will give you the rest of the ten at lunch. Breathe through your nose. Remove your stockings. Okay? They'll melt right into your flesh! Stay below the smoke line. Let's go! Clear out, stat! STAT MEANS NOW! Yes, I was the first one out. And, yes, I've heard women and children first. But, we do not employ children. We are not a sweat shop. Thankfully. And, uh, women are equal in the workplace by law. So, I let them out first, I have a lawsuit on my hands. Yeah. Okay, guys, listen up, we need a head count. We need to count off. Michael's number one. Where is he? Where is he? Ah... adapt, react, re-adapt, act. Hey, Michael. Um... Ryan needs his number for the count off. Okay, he can have 14. Marjory's not here today. Oh, you know what else? I thought of a nickname for the three of us. Three Musketeers. did my shoes come off in the plane crash? Is this your car, Ryan? Good shocks. That's actually a test prep book. That's a test prep for business school. I just got in. I applied, I go at night. Yeah. No, not yet. Just started. I... wouldn't even know where to start. Do it. All right, um... Why have people been rethinking the Microsoft model in the past few years? Uh... Keep an existing... It is ten times more expensive to sign a new customer. Yeah, but look, I mean, he didn't need business school. Okay, Michael comes from the school of hard knocks. Self taught. You didn't even go to college. [scoffs] Come on. I'm studying with the master, huh? I am. Stupid! I did not go to business school. You know who else didn't go to business school? LeBron James, Tracy McGrady, Kobe Bryant. They went right from high school to the NBA. So... so it's not the same thing. At all. It's a way of looking at consumers as subsets of a larger client base. The Crow. Maybe we should get some air. Come on people, you know the rules of the game now. Okay. It's called Who Would You Do? Hey, Angela! Roy. Nice to meet you. Um... Kevin, hands down. Yeah. He's really got that teddy bear thing going on, and afterwards, we could just watch bowling. You're all gay. [answers phone] Hey, no, I can talk, I can talk, I can talk... this is great timing. Would that make you happy? If you had your cell phone, it would make you happy? I'm on it. You can't go in yet! What if he dies in the f*re? And that's the last thing you ever said to him. Ooh, Toby! [on the phone] Hey, where are you? Oh good. Yeah. We're just here, we're playing Desert Island. It's when you pick your five favorite DVDs... What's your number? Um... You got to... you got to give it to me again. Now I have it. [coughing] [coughing] Everyone, okay? Uh, I have an announcement. Apparently, in business school, they don't teach you how to operate a toaster oven. Because some smart, sexy temp left his cheese pita on oven instead of timing it for the toaster thing. That's exactly what I said. Were you absent? I am so sorry. I have a song. Attention, everyone! That I want to sing. That I wrote especially for this occasion when I was up there among the flames. Ready? [sings to Billy Joel's "We Didn't Start the f*re"] Ryan started the f*re! It was always burning since the world's been turning!Dwight and Everybody! I can't believe I started the f*re.Dwight and [singing] ... Marilyn Monroe!Dwight and [sings] Joe McCarthy, Richard Nixon, Studebaker, television, North Korea, South Korea, Marilyn Monroe, Ryan started the f*re! Okay. Rule five - safety first, i.e. don't burn the building down. Okay? That should be a no brainer. Oh... look! Ryan is book smart. And I am street smart. And book smart. Hey... Happy Halloween. Jan called. Ohh... OK. [on phone] Jan Levinson's office. Oh, she's in a meeting. Uh, she just wanted the name of the employee you let go. I just need the name of who you're planning to let go. I know she wanted the name. Yeah? Jan wants the name as soon as possible, Michael. Mm-Hmm. Hey, I'm still here. Yeah. OK. Hanging up now. [entering] You wanted me? [notices Michael's costume] Papier-mache? Hmm. Mm-hmm. Why did you put it off until Halloween? I think it's gonna put a damper on the party a little. So it's a man? I just answer the phone. You're costume is fantastic! [laughs] Oh no, don't, don't, don't, don't. [Michael laughs] Aah! [laughs, then leaves] Okay... Ass. Michael. Yeah. Yes. What are you implying? You know, I don't know. We put them all up last night. Yeah. But we don't keep two sets of books. Well, that's not what I'm saying. Just, you know, find it. Pretend that your jobs depend on it. Why is that? Oh, like ... the movie about the Indian girl who plays soccer? Yeah, I mean, I guess I could do that. I don't really play soccer or anything. Yeah. Oh. Jim. Definitely. Phyllis. Stanley. Pam. Oscar. Meredith. Kevin. Angela. One of the warehouse guys. Who is he saying? No, Michael. No, not me. Not Dwight. I know that's what he said. Tell him, not Dwight. Tell him to stop. Quiet, you. [laughs, and imitates Donald Tr*mp] You're fired. Get your fingers off my phone. If you want to f*re him, you're going to have to tell him yourself. This is called leveraging an offer. [walks into Michael's office] Michael, can I talk to you for a moment? I just thought you should know that I was just offered a job with better pay, better benefits and a better title at Cumberland Mills. And I turned it down. Out of loyalty to this company... ... so I was hoping to be made Assistant Regional Manager officially. But then you wouldn't have me here. It's in Maryland. I can't. I... I suppose I coul... no. They never really made me an offer anyway. Honestly, I don't think Michael has the slightest clue of who he's gonna f*re. I think he keeps hoping that someone's going to volunteer. Uh, or be run over by a bus before the deadline. But in the end, really, what's going to happen is it's gonna be the first person to give him a dirty look in the hall. And therein lies the true essence of his charisma. Michael, I really didn't mean to... I'm sorry? Oh, you want me to be you? Okay. Oh, are you f*ring Creed? We should switch seats in order to... Alright. [they stand up] Excuse me.[They sit down] I'm really sorry, but I have to let you go. And it's purely budgetary. It's not personal... Wow. That's an overreaction. Is this you? Are you being you, or is this Creed? Are you... Okay. Oh, hold that thought. Hold that thought. [picks up the phone] Michael Scott here. Toby? Mm hmm. [looks back to Michael] I really have to take this Creed, so it was really worth... Yeah, I know. Huh? Could I talk to you for a second? What are you telling me? No, I don't. I wanna stay right here. No, I wanna stay here. Um, I think there's a misunderstanding, Michael. Can I go? Let's fight it. Let's call Jan and fight this thing together like the old days. Did you start the paperwork yet? You don't have to do this, Michael. Undo it! No, you have the power to undo it. Michael, undo it! Don't... Yeah, I went hunting once. sh*t the deer in the leg, had to k*ll it with a shovel. Took about an hour. Why do you ask? Fine. f*re someone else. f*re Devon. He's terrible. I am so much better at my job than Devon. No, no, no, no, no, no. I will forget so fast. You will be my savior. You're they guy who gave me my life back. Thank you. I knew you'd see it my way Michael. God Bless you. You're a fine man. Listen, you will not regret this either. Devon is terrible; No one's gonna miss him. Good, good, good. Creed's an idiot, you know that. No, no, no, no, no, no! You had it right the first time. Exactly. You gotta go with your gut, man. That's why I'm being fired? So you might not look like an idiot? This is unbelievable! I just hope that you and I can remain friends. What! That's just a figure of speech, you know? Blow your brains out? Come on. All it really means is that we're friends. Who else is she gonna talk to if I'm gone, right? I mean, if she left, I wouldn't blow my brains out. Of course, I would take that job in Maryland. Because it's double the pay, and soft shell crab just happens to be my favorite food. [ringing the doorbell of Michael's Condo] Trick or treat! I'm a bumble bee. A fairy princess. I'm a lion. Michael tends to procrastinate a bit whenever he has to do work. Umm, time cards, he has to sign these every Friday. Purchase orders have to be approved at the end of every month. And expense reports, all he has to do is initial these at the end of every quarter. But once a year, it all falls on the same Friday and that's today. I call it the Perfect Storm. Did you ask me here for any specific reason? Why is that secret? [Pam knocks and walks into Michael's office] Umm, I put stickers so you know where to sign. It's just last year you... Well, the last pick-up for overnight deliveries is at seven. So you need to have them signed by then. Or much earlier. Well, is that really a priority? Catch-22. Hello? Do you mean Neverland? What? [looks to see who is calling but doesn't pick up] Hello? Arigatou. This is not a toy. This is a message to the entire office so they can see that I am capable of physically dominating them. Ok. Michael? Could you b*at up Michael? Because we're friends. Well, Dwight's a purple belt, so... Uh, how did you know they were black belts? You don't need to write 'ex'. Sounds tough. When you're a Jet, [starts snapping] you're a Jet all the way, right? Have you signed the expense reports yet? Argggg! I'm friends with everybody in this office. We're all best friends - I love everybody here. But sometimes your best friends start coming into work late, and start having dentist appointments that aren't dentist appointments. And that's when it is nice to let them know that you can b*at them up. I can't. I just got a manicure. Just have Dwight punch you. What belt are they? No! Michael, I told you, it was because it was New Year's Eve and it began to snow at exactly midnight. Ok, I'll punch you. Kiyah! Are you ok? Are you sure you are alright? [to Kevin, who he is teaching to fight] Take this pen and s*ab me with it. I just have a quick question. No, it's not that. Um, I was just wondering, since I'm probably going to have to stay late, could you ask Dwight to stay late too so he can walk me to my car? He's a purple belt. That's really high. It's just out there, you... Yeah. Uh, Kitchen. What? I didn't sucker punch you, Michael. In case you remember, I was defending my honor... like a samurai. Ok, fine. Tit for tit. Give it your best sh*t. Two punches. Go! No, I would block your first punch rendering it ineffective. Yeah. Ooh, what about, uh, Dwight's dojo? No, it's free during the day. It's fine. Michael... Any word on those time cards? Um, well, we are all getting excited to see this fight. The Albany branch is working right through lunch to prevent downsizing, but Michael, he decided to extend our lunch by an hour so we could all go down to the dojo and watch him fight Dwight. Fight... Fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, I'm coming, fight... Uh, no, it's not. Actually, it's a symbol for eternal discipline. Yes, Sensei! Hiii! [kicks Michael] Alright, break. Dwight - awarded a point. Eat it! Two more. Sweep the leg. No. No points for pants. Clean single kick, gentlemen. No holding. No, stop it! Come on! Michael. No, Michael! Seven new messages. First New Message. [Michael's voice] "Hi, Ryan. This is S*ddam Hussein." Next new message. "Hi, Ryan. This is your girlfriend... and I'm mad!" Fudge? just put 9-1-1. [Dwight leaves] Yeah, you too. I have the emergency contacts. Uh, hanging out with some friends, probably. Yeah, alright, I'll um, see you Monday. Alright, bye. Michael, did you finish yet? I'm busy. We want to go home. The shipping place closes in a half hour. I don't care. Of course. Michael, I don't know... I can handle it. I can. Wow. So I guess this will just be my office. I'll have Pam send out a memo. Just a formality. Michael, I have so much to learn from you. Thank you, Sensei. And, ditto. This is a projection of the county's needs... So when we get to the Radisson, I'd like to, um- Excuse me? You had no right to do that, Michael. It said that. Alright. But you will let me run this meeting. I always knew Pam has refused to go to sports games with Roy, but I never knew why. Interesting. Thank you. Michael, shouldn't take more than an hour. Do you always shut down the entire office when you leave for an hour? So which way is Chili's? Oh, no, that's alright. I wanna leave straight from there. I know Scranton. Alright. If it's a couple blocks away- Ok. Jan Levinson-Gould. Jan is cold. If she was sitting across from you on a train and she wasn't moving, you might think she was dead. Why would we need a signal? What kinda trouble are you planning on getting in, Michael? You're gonna let me do the talking, we agreed on that. Yeees. Yes. Just Jan Levinson. No, not long. Michael. Michael, we got divorced, ok? [to Christian] I'm so sorry. Excuse me. Michael. [to hostess] Uh, could we have a table for three, please? We're in a meeting. Christian. Thank you. Right. Well, Lackawanna County has not been immune to the slow economic growth over the past five years. So for us, the name of the game is budget reduction- What? Sure. So- If you have a- It's ok, I like jokes. Just the one. Dunder-Mifflin, this is Pam. [to Michael on speakerphone] Ok, you want me to read 'em? Ok. Um, a fisherman is walking down Fifth Avenue walking an animal behind him- When- Ok. There's a transcript between a naval ship- Oh, those are drawings. In case the writing didn't really put a picture in your head. And there he is, in the flesh, Agent Michael Scarn. Now we know what he looks like. The lead role of Agent Michael Scarn? What's the bottom line? Bop! Be blah bop, be boo boo bop. That's why I wanted a signal, between us, so that I wouldn't have to just shout non-sense words. That's her fault. I have time. [singing] I want my baby back, baby back, baby back- So after watching my mom go through so much pain, I decided to keep that promise, that I made to her, and take care of her. Oh no, Michael, Michael, please. No, really. It's not fair. We'd been fighting for a while- No. That's right. You were really brave! You, you put your arms out there, you slit your wrists. Right down the street? I know. It's terrible. I don't know. I guess I could give you guys our business, but you have to meet me half way, ok, because they're expecting me to make cuts. Yeah. [Pam puts her hand out for an earbud] Definitely. Bye... thanks. [pumps fist] Yes! We got it! I am really- [Michael kisses Jan] Thrilled. [Michael and Jan kiss again] Let's go. Let's go. [waking up on office couch] Michael? Michael? [goes into Michael's office] Michael? [looks out Michael's window] His car's not in the parking lot. I should check the accident reports. [taxi pulls into Dunder-Mifflin parking lot] Who's this? Jan? Morning, Pam. Hey. No, nothing happened. I-I swear, nothing happened. What, I'm, totally being serious. A gentleman does not kiss and tell, and neither do I. [laughs] No, seriously, guys, I'm not, I don't want to go into it at all. It's off limits. Fine, I took her back to her hotel and we made out for a little while. It was great. I mean she told me about her divorce, we talked for about five hours, she fell asleep on my arm. So. Did you do her? Jan Levinson-Gould. Did you do her? And she is your boss. Dunder-Mifflin, this is Pam. Wow. Um, ok. [pops Dwight's orb with scissors] It's performance review day, company-wide. Last year, my performance review started with Michael asking me what my hopes and dreams were, and it ended with him telling me he could bench-press 190 pounds. So, I don't really know what to expect. Thank you. Oh, no. Uh, just off the top... I think she'll be here this afternoon. My boss is coming in today, the lovely Jan Levinson-Gould will, well, no Gould. The Gould has been [makes slashing neck hand motion] swack, divorced. Um, the awkward part is that this will be the first time that we'll be seeing each other since, well, uh, it was really nothing. We just sort of got caught up in the moment. The vulnerable divorcee gives herself to the understanding, with rugged good-looks, office manager. Just, uh, she didn't want it to continue for some reason. It, we both, I didn't want it, we both didn't want it to continue. Was not professional. Um, when people say something's mutual, it never is. But this was mutual. She missed you. I have one idea of what it means. Well I don't think you're gonna be very happy with this. Because she's conflicted. She has to be professional, but she's fighting feelings... for you. Um, just cause, that, you work together, and it might be awkward. Sometimes women say more in their pauses than they say in their words. Oh, yes. Let's listen to it again. And this time, really listen to the pauses. Oh, no, that's ok. I did learn it on the streets. On the ghetto, in fact. Oh, yea! Michael? Jan's on the phone for you. Oh; Angela, you were totally satisfactory this year. Michael. I am returning your many calls. No. No, we won't be discussing that, Michael. The only things I wanna talk about during your performance review are your concrete ideas to improve your branch. Uh, your review is anything but a formality, Michael. I expect you to forget anything that you think may have happened between us and exhibit completely professional behavior. Ok, that is an example of completely unprofessional behavior. Michael. Are the cameras with you... ...in your office? Romances? Sorry. What suggestion box? Oh, yeah. Uh, I think I remember that from back from when I first started. Don't you mean constructive criticism? You said "constructive complements"; that doesn't make any sense. Sure. I'm good; how are you? Nice to see you. Can we please go in your office? Oooo. Thank you. Nice to see you too, Michael. Not like that. You know Michael, I think I need to make something clear right off the top. I'm not going to discuss anything with you other than Dunder-Mifflin business. Period. Do we understand each other. Absolutely. So are you still in the middle of the performance reviews then? No. Fine. How is that a business question? No, I went out and got drunk with my laser tag team last night. Crap! I never go out on a Thursday night; what the hell was I thinking? Michael, it's time for the suggestion box meeting. You told me to buzz you about the suggestion box meeting when Jan was here. Uh, I'd like to sit in on that meeting [to Pam] is it happening right now? Great. Very good. I thought you read these every week. It happens occasionally. That sounds serious, Michael. Tom? Tom? He worked in accounting up until about a year ago. [blank stares] Tom? [acts like she's sh**ting herself in the head] Pow. Next suggestion. You need to do something about your B.O. Aren't the suggestions meant for you? Uh, Michael, he wasn't inferring, he was implying. You were inferring. You need- To do something about- Sometimes you talk to us real close. Well, when you have coffee breath- It's hard. Yeah, who wants to come in on a Saturday? Next suggestion. I can't, I can't- Please sit down. You're gonna sit here and I'm gonna go sit over there. Please, sit yourself down. What, Michael. [loud metal music playing in a stairwell; Dwight pacing] You are giving me this raise! I deserve this raise! [plays air guitar] Yes! [kicks] Yes! Yes! Hiya! The least you can do is keep my salary consistent with inflation! Keeya eyah! Yes! Why are you gonna give me this raise? Why? Because... I'm awesome! I am awesome! Michael? Great. I am ready for my performance review. Is this how you've been conducting all the reviews, Michael? Uh, wait, I would like to discuss my raise? dedication. [points to graphs] I have never been late. Also, I have never missed a day due to illness. [Michael sighs] Even when I had walking pneumonia. I even come in on holidays. That's a serious offense! I'd also further like to talk about my merits in the workplace. For instance, the time I brought in deer jerky for the whole office. You liked it! It's a delicacy. And you know what? It's an aphrodisiac. So when we're done here, you guys could go over to The Antler Lodge, sample some deer and talk about my raise. I'm gonna step outside, collect my thoughts, and I will return in about ten minutes. And in conclusion, I think that Lex Luthor said it best when he said "Dad, you have no idea what I'm capable of". I'm heading back to New York; Alan and I will conduct your performance review over the phone tomorrow. 'K? Michael, now is not the time or the place. No, I am saying we are never having this conversation. Never, for me, always means 'never ever ever.' Michael, it has nothing- With your looks, ok? It's your personality. I mean, you're obnoxious, and rude, and, and, and stupid, and you do have coffee breath, by the way, and, and I don't agree about the b.o., but you are very, very inconsiderate. Really. You're, you're, you're a great guy, ok? And you were very sweet, and you stayed up with me and talked with me, cried with me, and I appreciate that- At this time in my life. I just am not in the place right now where I'm looking for a relationship, so we can still work together, we can still be friends but... ok? Ohhh, God. Jan is not in a place where she feels she can have a relationship right now. And it doesn't matter how great a guy I am. And that is all I needed; I'm good. I can go home now. Ummm... no idea. Are we in danger? Michael, should I call the... [Michael waves his hands] What? The IT tech guy and me did not get off to a great start. That just means you have to enter your password. What's your password, Michael? Oh, it's 1-2-3. Mi- Sorry. Ok, I'm sorry. What is going on in there? Why is he here? What are you doing? You have to tell me. Look, Michael, I know you don't want to have to think about this, but if something were to happen to you, God forbid, then I would need to know in order to take over. Yeah, but that doesn't matter, you could get a brain aneurysm- Or get h*t by a car- Or a bus or a train. Get poisoned, fall in a well, step on a mine, choke. Uh, oh, ok; if I step on a mine in Scranton, Pennsylvania, and die, you can have my job, ok? Why don't you just go... away? There are certain things a boss does not share with his employees. His salary, that would depress them. His bed, it--- And I am not going to tell them that I'll be reading their e-mails. By keyword phrase. Hey, what's the deal, Michael? Why are you spying on our computers? Actually, it's just- Ok... Tin Man. Actually we just a got a memo from IT saying you're doing e-mail surveillance. So it's true? You have access to our e-mails? I think I do. I think one of the greatest things about modern America is the computerization of medical records. As a volunteer sheriff, I can look up anyone's psychiatric records or surgical histories. Yeast infections. There are a huge number of yeast infections in this county. Probably because we are down river from that old bread factory. Oh. [to Michael] Are you gonna eat with us? Uh hum. The professors would go to the parties? Oh, ok, cool. Hey. Yup, it's, uh, four o'clock. Oh, um... .I can't. Uh hmm, definitely. You do? Because you said "do you wanna hang out"- Really? Aw, that sounds like a lot of fun. Improv sounds great. Alright. I think Stanley just coughed. No thanks. I'm on a call. My brother is in town and we are going to see the Alaska Film Festival at the Scien- Oh. I'm just leaving for the day. Charity. Bake drive. No! No, I'm not. Battlestar Galatica. I can't- Tonight. Unfortunately, I've got plans. I have to go to practice. Soccer practice. Clarinet. Ok, let's get right into it. I need two people for the first scene. Great. [skips] La la la la la laaa... [fake kicks in door] Boom! Detective Michael Scarn. I'm with the FBI. I'm supposed to meet my doctor here? Have ya seen him? He's a very angry midget. Again!? Stop, stop, ok, stop. You sh*t me, great. Now stop. You can't just sh**t everyone in the scene. Ok, what about the scene they set up? No, it wasn't. No more g*n. No. No. Michael, I want you to give me all the g*n you have. Just, I want you to get rid of all your g*n and give them to me. Great. Freeze! You wanna go over the rules one more time? I promise it's worthit . Ooo, I can see you walking out of here and you're thrilled with your reading. Michael, what did you tell him? Ok, let's call it a day. Nice job, Bill. Oh, don't worry. We're all gonna carpool. Oh sorry, we're not going as a group, it's just a private friend who just happens to know all of us from different ways is throwing a private birthday thing. Ok. Dwight... Wow! Who opened the morgue for this thing? I'm just driving by, thought I'd drop in. [to Jim] There's some wine. I would love a glass, if you're gonna open it. Here ya go Temp, take my jacket! [sees Sadiq (IT guy)] Oh, come on! That guy? He is a good guy, not a t*rror1st. Karaoke, I love it! I am a karaoke fiend. I call dibs. I got next, I got next up. Come on, let's get this party started, ha! Ok? Where's that wine? [singing] It requires a dedication, all this love we feel needs no conversation. Divided, together, uh huh. Making love with each other, uh huh. [singing] Islands in the stream, that is what we are, no one in between, how can we be wrong? Sail away with me... I am- Shut up! Go. Get the door. Go. Push! Push! Really shove it. Shove it through! Break it! You shove it. Shove it back! Here we go. Don't break the branches, Dwight. I got a splinter. I've got it leveraged. Push. Straight up. One, two, three. [they push the tree up and it breaks through a ceiling tile.] Merry Christmas! [holds up the piece of tree he just cut off with a paper cutter] Well, sort of. Why did you get it so big? But what are we going to do with this hacked off part? Angela drafted me into the party planning committee. Her memo said that we need to prepare for every possible disaster. Which to me seems excessive. Fifty. Double it. Double everything. Double ice cream. Double napkins. Double it. On me. It was a tough year. I had to f*re somebody this year. This party has to really rock. Check it out. Christmas bonus. 3,000 G's. I got this for helping save the company money. So I guess some good came out of f*ring Devon after all. Maybe I should call him and tell him that. You do realize that we can't serve liquor at the party. [having trouble with a plastic tablecloth as Pam stands idly by] Will you help me? Come on, Mike, let me borrow the hat for just a couple of hours. Yeah. Yeah, I've seen Santa. Who cares? Michael, I would like to be the elf. I got myself for Secret Santa. I was supposed to tell somebody, but I didn't [smiles happily]. I think I did a pretty good job. Well, I can't tell you cause it's a secret. Yeah? Well, there's a $20 limit, right? So .. ? That's great. Well don't tell me who it is, cause I can .. I want to do it. Three, two, one. [very dim lights come on the tree] Hey, I could get some flares from my car. No, no. Shake it off, everybody. Just, let's do Secret Santa. All right, next. Ryan. [tosses present] [unwraps present] Whoa, a video iPod. Wasn't there a $20 limit on the gift? This is 400 bucks. Yeah, you left the price tag on. Yeah. Michael. I knitted it for you. An oven mitt? Okay. [walks out] We don't do anything until Michael gives us further instructions. What is Yankee Swap? Yeah, we call it White Elephant. Why are we doing this? It sounds mean. Michael should have asked the party planning committee first. He's not supposed to just spring things on us out of nowhere. [starts to cry] Oh, shouldn't we ... I bought that specifically for Pam. Yeah, I figured. I will steal the iPod. Everyone wants the iPod. It's a huge h*t. It is almost a Christmas miracle. It's already been stolen this round. Pick something else. I'll take the oven mitt. Sucker! See, I wanted somebody to take it. Boom! Reverse psychology. Reverse psychology is an awesome tool. I don't know if you guys know about it, but basically you make someone think the opposite of what you believe and that tricks them into doing something stupid. Works like a charm. You and me, Michael. Yes! [sh**ting paintball g*n at target] Take that, S*ddam! Yankee Swap is like Machiavelli meets ... Christmas. Maybe because you hated her present so much. And you should have just bought a $20 gift like everyone else. How much? All right, I'm done now. It comes to $166.41. Fifteen bottles of vodka? Yeah, that should do it. I don't know. Probably like, a sweater or something. What is that? We're really not supposed to serve alcohol. Me. Please. Are you kidding? You wait. There should be some .. One, two, three. [do a sh*t] Oh, no. I really did not do anything. This is so awesome. Thank you. [grabbing Michael around the neck] Merry Christmas, asswipe! [rapping] What's up my nerds. Check it out. [points at the mistletoe stuck down his pants] Pacman need a drinky. [listening to music through headphones] Yeahhh. That's okay, Mike. All right. Thanks, man. Oh, how did I not guess that? Michael? Poor Richard's? Yeah, that sounds good. Christmas is awesome. First of all, you get to spend time with people you love. Secondly, you can get drunk and no one can say anything. Third, you give presents. What's better than giving presents? And fourth, getting presents. So, four things. Not bad for one day. It's really the greatest day of all time. Yep. Yeah. [putting quarters in] Five, ten, fifteen, twenty, twenty-five... Where are we going this afternoon? And brush our teeth. Michael. I need to know... What we're doing. You said bring a toothbrush. Is this an overnight? Should my wife tell her boss she's not coming in tomorrow? Not maybe. Yes or no. In January? It's cheaper. This is not just another party. This is a leadership training exercise. Right? I'm going to combine elements of fun and motivation and education into a single mind-blowing experience. I have a test for business school tomorrow night. Is it okay if I skip the cruise and study for that? I'm already in business school. Wait, Michael? Why did you tell us to bring a bathing suit? Yeah, but I bought a bathing suit. I took the tags off already. Well, that's not my fault, okay? Just.. we're not going to pay for a bathing suit. Okay, I know what you're all thinking, "Who is this smart little cookie?" Her name is Brenda... something, and she is from corporate. And she is here, like you, to learn from what I have to say. I am a great motivational speaker. I attended a Tony Robbins event by the airport last year, and... it wasn't the actual course. You have to pay for the actual course. But it talked about the actual course. And I've incorporated a lot of his ideas into my own course. Last year, Michael's theme was "Bowl over the Competition!" So guess where we went. How about the sales department is the sails? What does the furnace do? I'm not really sure what movie you're talking about. Are you sure you got the title right? I think you're thinking of The Hunt for Red October. Michael, everyone in the engine room drowned. What? Aye aye, Captain. [singing] A three-hour tour, a three-hour tour. Actually, I'm the Skipper. But you can be Gilligan. I am Captain Jack, I am captain of the ship. I'm also captain of anyone who sets foot on the ship. [to boarding passengers] Hi, welcome aboard. Okay. In an office, when you are ranking people, manager is higher than captain. On a boat, who knows? It's nebulose. Okay, all right! Welcome aboard! I am your captain, Captain Jack. Okay! So... Please. The life preservers. They are located underneath the seats, all along the border of the boat. Well, we might, okay? Please let me finish, okay? Thank you. So, the Coast Guard requires that I tell you where the safety exits are. On this ship, it's very easy. Anywhere over the side. [Dwight laughs loudly.] Not only am I your ship captain, I am also your party captain! Whoo! We're gonna get it going in just a few minutes here... Okay, Michael, if you don't mind... Please, okay? Michael. Your company's employees are not the only people on the boat tonight, okay? Why don't you let me and my crew do our job. You just sit back and have a good time. All right? I remember that! We crushed you like 42-10! Yeah. Everybody's really nice. When are you going to start the presentation? Not now, Mike, we're doing the limbo! That's right, partiers, it's time to limbo, limbo, limbo! All right, all right, that was great! Now it's time for the dance contest! Nope! Dance contest! All right, we'll have a motivational dance contest! h*t it! Yeah, okay, dancing! It is a primal art form used in ancient times to express yourself with the body and communicate! So, what's this presentation all about? Women and children. That's a stupid analogy. Wow. You should be the motivational speaker. Um... let's see, uh... The customer. Because the customer is king. Hello, everybody, could I have your attention for just a second? Could you listen to me for a second? We were up at the front, and we were talking about what's really important, and... Pam, I think enough is enough. I think we should set a date for our wedding. How about June 10th? Come on, let's do it! Come on, Pam! No, it was Captain Jack. We gotta celebrate! Hey, I got an idea, I got an idea. I can marry you right now, as captain of the ship! No, no, I want my mom and dad to be there. Seasick? Captain Jack says you should look at the Moon. Really? What? Hey! Hey! What the hell is going on here? It's a predicament, and it's something that each and every one of us has to think about. I'm in the brig. See? The boat's not as corporate-friendly as advertised. What was the deal with the guy jumping overboard? What was... if he had just waited and heard what I had to say, he would be motivated right now and not all wet. What happened to you? Oh, right, because you announced that his ship was sinking? What a night. She was always engaged. That's... great. You know, to tell the truth, I used to have a big thing for Pam, so... Yeah, I know. Yeah. She's really funny, and she's warm. And she's just... well, anyway. She's engaged. Huh. Don't worry, Michael. I'm taking us to shore. Dunder Mifflin, this is Pam. Michael, what's wrong? Ok, wait wait wait wait... Michael, do you need me to call an ambulance?! Wait a second, I thought you said that you were hurt. What is going on? I want to come to work. But I need you to come and pick me up. [Jim lunges across Pam's desk and puts Michael on speakerphone] Hey, whoa, Michael... It's, okay, it's Jim. Just say again, uh, really loudly what happened. You b*rnedyourfoot on a Foreman Grill? I enjoy having breakfast in bed. I like waking up to the smell of bacon, sue me. And since I don't have a butler, I have to do it myself. So, most nights before I go to bed, I will lay six strips of bacon out on my George Foreman Grill. Then I go to sleep. When I wake up, I plug in the grill, I go back to sleep again. Then I wake up to the smell of crackling bacon. It is delicious, it's good for me. It's the perfect way to start the day. Today I got up, I stepped onto the grill and it clamped down on my foot... that's it. I don't see what's so hard to believe about that. Uh, I have to stay here and answer the phone. Michael, you should stay home and rest. Can you hop? I tried hopping, Kevin, and I bumped my elbow against the wall and now my elbow has a protruberance. Michael, is, um, sick and he wants one of us to rescue him. I'm gonna save you! Hold on Michael! I am coming! Wait there! Michael, why don't you call your girlfriend? But you said that you went out with her this weekend. He's still driving... Dwight, you forgot your bumper! Hellooo? ... Please don't send Dwight! You missed two big conference calls today, one with corporate. No, I didn't mention that you cooked your foot. b*rned my foot, Pam. So, where are you shipping your foot? Your foot? You didn't have any. And do my job? [holding mini-fan] It slipped. It's just that before, you said that you didn't want any special treatment. Do you want some aspirin, because you seem a little fussy. Hey, Pam, I'm assistant regional manager, and I can take care of him. Part of my duties are to. What? No, I didn't. What is wrong withyou? Here you go. Yes. I ordered three full rotisserie chickens worth of all dark meat. They were out of yams. I got you creamed spinach. Yes. They had no yams. Pan? [phone rings] What. Tell me before I come there. No. No. Oh God no, Dwight isn't my friend... Oh my God! Dwight's kind of my friend! You know, around age twelve, I just started goin' for it. What, what happened? What do you need? I don't think Pam's gonna want to come into the men's room. Ryan, is, uh, dead. Dead. No. Can't, can't you just get up yourself? I... You only grilled your foot. Wow... Um, I had scoliosis as a girl. When I was a teenager, I was in an iron lung. I'm not disabled and neither are you. Mailboxes, Etc. Oh, we wouldn't. We love Stevie Wonder. [looking up at Creed] Dad? Twice. I think that's from Big. Yeah, he's dancing on a piano with Robert Loggia. Uh hmmmm... . I mean I'm learning nothing. Michael Scott, I'm looking for Michael Scott. Great. Thank you. Actually, I've been meaning to come by here for a long time... No, I just have a lot of properties to manage. I don't know, like 30 seconds? Oh my God, that's three times as long as it takes me. This morning? Just like every other morning, just climbed on in. [Everyone laughs] Hey, hey, relax, just jokin around here. Listen, I've actually used a chair since I was four years old. I don't really notice it anymore. So, there are just a couple things I want to remind everybody of... Dwight, you have your hand up. You know what Michael? Let me stop you right there. And leave. No, not Michael. The moon-faced kid who crashed into the pole. He looks like he has a concussion. I found the pudding cups you wanted in a gas station in Carbondale! You are very welcome. No, the gas station in Carbondale did not have fresh yams! You sure? Ok. You know what? I feel better. Ryan brought me some chocolate pudding and his kindness healed my foot. I ground up four extra-strength aspirin and put them in Michael's pudding. I do the same thing with my dog to get him to take his heartworm medicine. Uh, ok, I think we need to take him to the hospital because I'm pretty sure he has a concussion. He needs to go right now, and you're his emergency contact. I think that you should go with him. I want Michael to take me... You can take my van! Fine. Oh, huggy hugs. You don't think you should sit in the back with Dwight? The rules of g*n are very simple and very clear. The first person to shout "g*n" when you're within the sight of the car gets the front seat. That's how the game's played. There are no exceptions for someone with a concussion. Well, I think she has a kid. We're going to Chuck E. Cheese. We're going to the hospital, Michael. I know, just sayin'. I'm thirsty! No. You can't f*re me, I don't work in this van! No. [takes a drink] [to Michael] Will you stop? [drinks] Mmmmm... Michael stop. [sprays Michael, then Dwight] My eyes! My eyes! Danger. It's Kurt. Wow, I am so sad that I know that. Concussion. [Michael scribbles something out] What did you write? So you thought they meant your reason for coming to the hospital. Hi Michael! A head injury. What is that? Well, for a burn, you really just need to look at the outside of the foot. That's what she said. Ok, no electronics past this point. Camera, sound equipment... No metal of any kind. I don't want to do this. Oh. Oh, I can not believe I fell for that. [laughing] Oh, my God. Umm, is it me or does it smell like up-dog in here? Nothin' much what's up with you? Oh, oh, wow! I walked right into that. Oh, that's brilliant! I'm on the phone. What's that? Huh? What does that mean? The thing you just said? Just forget it. What's up-dog? [mouthing] So close. [low] Damn it. Empty mind. Michael. Oscar is out sick. Can I do some of the talking? Hello. Hello? And Dwight. Yeah I think I came down with the flu. Ask him his symptoms. I'm on Web M.D. I have the chills. Michael is there anything you need from me? I'd like to go back to bed. Ok. First impressions? Which is exactly how you'd wanna sound like if you wanted someone to think you were sick. Question? May I investigate? You'd look like an angel. I'm seriously going to cry. Hey Michael. Remember that thing I told you on the booze cruise about Pam? That... was... personal so if we can just keep that between you and me. That would be great. Umm, hmm. Nobody. Wow! Jim and I are great friends. We hang out a ton, mostly at work. But, the fact that he told me his secret and no one else knows says everything about our friendship. And it is why, I intend on keeping that secret for as long as I possibly can. Alright. Great. Thank you. [low] Oh God, here. I'm going with grape. Which one? I don't know what you mean. Uh, uh, ok. What is? I'm going to take off actually. Hmm? There are several different ways to tell if a perp is lying. The liar will avoid direct eye contact. The liar will cover part of his or her face with his hands, especially the mouth. The liar will perspire. Unfortunately I spoke to Oscar on the phone so none of this is useful. Tony the tiger. You don't hear that much any more. Ok, what is going on here? You are talking to Jim. You never talk to Jim. Is that true? Thank you Michael. I know your telling the truth. I can tell. I won't let you down. Thanks. I don't know probably just gonna eat my ham and cheese sandwich in the break room. No, that's alright, thank you though. It's, I, gotta do some cleaning, should probably stick around here. Oh, ah, no but no. You know what let's go out. That was a good idea. Let's go out. I know just he place. [at Hooters] Oh man, you should order milk. Get it? Why do I like Hooters? Well I will give you two reasons, the boobs and the hot wings. Hey I'm Dana. Welcome to Hooters. Nope we're not brothers. And for you? Oh, it's great. It's served with our world famous wing sauce. Is that what you really want? Nuh-uh. Uh, I really don't want to talk about it. Um, she's easy to talk to I guess and she's got a really good sense of humor. Uh-huh. What about you? Here you go. And I understand we have a birthday today. Thank you. Thanks, thanks Dana. Thank you very much. Quick Oscar update. I have conducted interviews with everyone in the office. Including prep time? If I had to I could clean out my desk in five seconds and nobody would ever know I had ever been here. And I'd forget too. Michael is that a wig? This is from Hooters. Did Toby approve this? You just got your corporate credit card back. Do you really want me to take it away again? Uhhh it's ridiculous. They took my card away because I spent $80 bucks at a magic shop. What they don't understand is that I bought the stuff to impress potential clients. So business related, right? I'm not processing this. He seems fine to me. Well she's the... Hey Michael so do you think Jim will try to break up the wedding? Hey. Umm, what happened? Hey, hey, wow, wow. Listen man it's, you know what. It's not a big deal. Look its one day, everything's gonna be alright. No big deal. You good? Hey, here's your schedule for next week. Are you okay? Oh, no, that's, you don't have to. No, really, it's okay. I know that Jim had, like a crush on me when he first started. But that was a long time ago, so. Jim had a crush on me on the booze cruise or he told you about it on the booze cruise? Yep. Jim's been looking at me kind of a lot all week. I would be creeped out by it, but it's nothing compared to the way Michael looks at me. Um, Pam plus Spam plus...? Right. It was great. Mm-hm. Roy and I just got back from the Poconos. I get ten vacation days a year, and I try to hold off taking them for as long as possible, and this year I got to the third week in January. What? I don't know. [looking at pile on Michel's carpet] Oh... I don't know. No, I don't think it's a bird. What's goin' on? [taking a look] I don't think that's vomit. Me? Oh, that's ridiculous. Michael. [tapping on door] [after going in to check out the smell] Phew. Oh! No, mm-mm. [leaving quickly] That's no burst pipe. Hi guys. Somebody makin' soup? [coughing] It's still stinky. She probably scrubbed itintothe fibers of the carpet. Total permeation. [giggles at Roy] That might be a little difficult with the one computer. But there's definitely a desk open in the back. ...which I guess I'll be taking. [shaking head] Weird. [putting his feet on desk] Ha ha ha... the old bullpen. Okay. Yeah! [agreeing] Mm. No way! And who had your office? [to Jim] I'm serious. My closet doors will not shut. I mean, it only takes so long to measure to make sure that clothes will hang up because aren't all hangers like that big? So I don't understand why the closet engineer didn't think of that. So now I'm doing this new thing where I just leave piles of clothes on the floor and then I walk around the piles to get an outfit... That guy Miles who quit to form his own company? No! I thought he was out on the road. Ah. When I was in training, many years ago... not so long ago... I worked side-by-side with a fellow named Todd Packer, and together we rocked the office [picture behind Michael falls]. Packer and I once spent the whole day with our pants off, and when people noticed, we convinced them thattheywere crazy. [on phone] Excuse me one second, please. [to Michael] What is it that you need right now that you can't wait until I'm off the phone with a customer? Oh, a customer, well, sound the alarm. [laughs] Okay. [after Michael punches him in the arm] What did you h*t me for? What? You shouldn't have h*t me, Michael. Oh, okay. Gah. Oh, please Jim? Please, please, Jim. Please, please, please? He's so cute. I like himsomuch. And I would do it, but I'm too shy. Please, Jim, please, please, please, please, Jim. Please, please, please... [whispering] Michael. What? Old fashioned raid. Sales on Accounting. Yeah. Follow my lead. Hey, Michael. Yeah! [laughing] Should we help 'em pick up their stuff? Okay. You're gonna throw my things on the ground? What happened in Michael's office was wrong. I understand it [chuckles], it makes sense [regains composure] But it... it was still wrong. Why would somebody ruin a perfectly good carpet? I don't know. It could be done out of hate. It could be done out of love. It could be completely neutral. Maybe somebody hates the cleaning lady. And, well, she doesn't do a very good job, obviously, because my office still reeks like you would not believe. I hate her. [on phone] Hello, am I the 107th caller? [hangs up, dials again] Hello, Rock 107. Am I the 107th caller? [hangs up and dials again] Hell , Rock 107. Am I the 107th caller? [hangs up and begins to dial again] I'm totally gonna win us that box set. Jethro Tull... I need to make a sales call. Please? No. We haven't finished getting things in order from your last visit. Were you? It's just that we're really swamped over here, Michael. Yeah! You're gonna compete against us? It is so on! Michael is gonna wipe the floor with us! [walking by with new carpet] What... What's that? Whatcha doing? [laughing] I think he's dancing. That was definitely not dancing. Paper business. Nope. Really? I thought you. [both laugh in Michael's earshot] This was no act of God. A person did this. A person who works in this office. Maybe all of them. That doesn't seem fair. But you're the one who picked today. That's not what a hate crime is. What's our punishment? [to Jim] Oh, long-term, definitely. Fall in love, have babies, spend every second together... but don't tell him that, okay? Just tell him I'm, like, up for anything. I mean, I'm not a slut, but who knows? Sure. He hired me. How's he doing? I thought you might. Michael, you should have much bigger fears than that. [sighs] I wasn't talking literally, Creed. Yeah, being buried alive would be worse. Happy? Why am I talking to you? Yeah. Should we go upstairs? So, what's the problem with my pension? Well, what was done? Yeah, somebody once did that in my office. Yeah. You can't expect to be friends with everybody. No. They'll always think of you as a boss first. I'm not sure that ever happens. Why can't your workers be your workers, family be your family, your friends be your friends? Yep. Hello, yes. I'm looking for a gay nerd named Michael Scott. Your mom, you gay nerd! Hey, did you get that package I left for you? It was pretty big. Yeah. Left it in the middle of your office. [laughs uproariously] Special delivery! Sit on the throne, Michael. Oh. [laughs and claps] Yeah, yeah! Oh my God. It was Packer! Women today, though we have the same options as men, we often face a very different set of obstacles in getting there. So... Michael... I thought we agreed you wouldn't be here. What are you doing? Michael. Michael. You are not allowed in this session. Now you're really not allowed in this session. I'm your boss. We're fine, Michael. We just need you to leave, please. Them in there all together. If they stay in there too long they're going to get on the same cycle. Wreak havoc on our plumbing. Everyone. Guys. Circle up, please. Come on over. Bring your chairs. Toby, come on over. You're a guy... too... sort of. Let's do this! [in the background] Well, first of all, I, uh, just want to warm up a little bit. Let's just clap. Yeah! I don't know what you're doing here, Michael, ... but it's very destructive. Can you please do this somewhere else, Michael? Dwight, excellent idea. Go to the warehouse. OK, OK, Fine. Yeah, actually, perfect. Perfect. You know what? There's another side to this place, gentleman. And I know we all love our cushy jobs and our fun, exciting office. But do you realize that underneath us, there's another world. The warehouse world. A world that is teeming with sweat and dirt and life. Life. The bowels of the office. These guys are down there, they are real men doing real man's work. We are going to learn how a warehouse works. Please? Thank you. very much. My biggest fear is that someone will distract us from getting all the shipments out on time. Why? I don't understand. I've got your back if he does. But try to stay out of it. Hey, Mike, look. How bout we go upstairs, too. You know learn how the office works. We can all switch places today. The experience... Okay. Let's go. Step up. It's dangerous, Michael. Come on, get off this. Mike. Mike. Get off of the lift. Please. Come on now. Look, would ya... look. Dammit, Michael! We ought to have this thing serviced. Hey, do you want me to go? I'll go. There are always a million reasons not to do something. My priority is safety. So it really bothers me when somebody comes in here speeding around on a lift, playing with it like a toy. It kind of gets under my skin. Uh uh uh. Don't shush me. That bothers me too. Pam shushes me. It drives me crazy. You know that's a good question, Hasselhoff. What bugs us? Yeah, on our salaries, man, what do they expect? You know to take us out every weekend? You know what I mean? We're not millionaires. You say we're the same, but we get compensated very differently. Like next to no benefits. Exactly. That's what I'm talking about. Man, see... That's what I've been sayin', man. We need to do this finally. In my truck. Come on, man. Union! Union, yeah. Are you with us Mike? Another issue is inequality of pay between men and women. I'm sure that all of you have felt that before... What? A union! What... I'm not... Part of my job is knowing how to talk to women. The cons are that everyone will lose their job. Michael. Everyone. Office, Warehouse. What do you think... the... pros... are... here? You got yourself into this Michael, so you get yourself out. That's too bad. I don't want to... Michael! Michael! Michael! Michael. Don't say another word. Get yourself down stairs. It's really cool. How can someone so beautiful be so sad? Did you take care of the situation? Excuse me. It's impractical. I'm not going to try to get a house like that. Um... they don't even make houses like that in Scranton. So, I'm never going to... . This is not a good idea right here. You did uh... okay. Pizza. Great equalizer. Rich people love pizza. Poor people love pizza. White people love pizza. Black people love pizza. Do black people like pizza? Generalized mumbling agreement. Yeah. Hey, watch it, watch it. We have a relationship. Hey Michael. This ain't over. Ahhh! Excellent. Yeah. Wow. And you want me to come with you. I will stay here and run things on this end. Question. Will you be seeing Jan when you're in New York? Well... It's Valentine's Day, and you guys, you know... Screwed. Whatis your problem? This is a business trip. I would have to be a raving lunatic to try to talk to Jan about what happened between us. Her words, not mine. She sent me an email this morning. But, it is Valentine's Day. It's New York. City of Love. That's OK. The best present would be, you do a good job in front of the new CFO. Dude, I'm gonna nail it. Me in New York? Oh, I own that city. Fuggedaboudit! See ya! [opens box and reads card] Happy Valentine's Day. [pulls out bobble head] It's me. I'm the bobble head. Yes! [Angela smirks in background] Ahh! [anguished] I hooked up with her on February 13th. That's great. [Meredith scowls] Everybody takes the subway in New York. It's fast, it's efficient, gets you there on time. It's a way to [turns and rushes back up stairs] Okay, there's a guy pooping in a cardboard box down there. Really? Well, I hope I do. Oh zip it. Michael Scott. [sticks out hand for handshake] You know Dan Gore from Buffalo. What's up buddy? Guilty, yeah. Not much, they're uh, I guess running late upstairs, so we're just waiting for the presentations. She ain't my boss dude. I don't work for that b*tch. What? You like Jan? How can youlikeJan? You hooked up with Jan? Yeah, let's change the subject. Nice to meet you. OK, Michael. What is a business? Is it a collection of numbers and sales reports? Sure. But as you know, David and Jan, it is much more. [plays video on screen. David and Jan have confused looks on their faces.] [video dialogue for "The Faces of Scranton"] Life moves a little slower in Scranton, Pennsylvania. And that's the way we like it. Because at Dunder Mifflin Scranton, we're not just in the paper business, we're in the people business. Let's meet some of the folks that make the Scranton branch so special. [video shows Stanley at desk] This is Stanley Hudson, one of our talented salesman. An African-American father of two, Stanley's dedication is no doubt one of the hallmark's of the foundation of the business we're hoping to build our bases on. Yeah, I sh*t a bunch of footage around the office, edited it together on my Mac. I was thinking of entering it into some festivals. Probably won't. You know, not what this is about. [video dialogue] And finally, Pam Beesly. Look at her. Look how cute. Not bad at all. As the receptionist, Pam is truly the gateway to our world. Well, I hope this gave you a little taste of what life is like here at Dunder Mifflin, Scranton. What it's like to walk a mile in Oscar's shoes. Or try on Phyllis' pants. Maybe even one of Angela's famous brownies. And you'll know, that you're home. [video says, "Great Scott!"] Wow. OK, OK, thank you Michael, that was great. But, for right now what, I would really like to know about is the branch's performance, so do you have that information as well? Oh man, you know what? Michael made that stupid movie, he doesn't get into any trouble? Maybe I should have slept with you, too. [David looks at Jan, who glares at Michael.] NO, NO I'm not, I'm not, I just... I just don't know what to do anymore, Michael. I mean, we're all gonna get fired. Yeah, Michael - the CFO thinks that we slept together. Do you understand, people get fired for much less? And I just [scratches head] can't believe that you told everybody and we didn't even sleep together. Oh, God. Michael. It was months ago. It was once, It's over. Do you understand? Surely, you cannot be serious? You understand this is a very serious situation. You made a joke? Well I don't need to explain to you that even a joke about sexual relations with your boss... Oh, Michael. Thank you again for that, really. It was very nice. Oh, no, it's OK. [Puts hand in way of elevator door to stop from closing.] So, uh, Happy valentine's Day. Oh. They are either going to say yes... or no. Think it through. Can we not? Still want that. Fumble! Yaaah! Hut! Hut! Hut! Hike! Yeah. I have a ton of stuff to do for the wedding. And I have to do it in the office. And that can be kind of awkward. Um... just because people can get all weird about wedding stuff. Then... I just... I don't want to offend... Angela... or someone. Ha! I don't get it. Well, it's not really a big speech. You still coming right? Oh! Abso-fruit-ly. Fruit. Grapes. Nailed the joke. Matter of time. Um... And yes, it is a big speech. Biggest of your life. What if I give a really long, extended Thank You. For instance, "Thank you, Mr. Blank. Thank you very, very, very..." I can't do this. Oh, okay. Okay, deal! I'll do whatever you say. No questions asked. I'll try and think of one. When... Is that an insult or is that part of the public speaking advice? I get here early every morning so I can set the thermostat. I like it a little cooler, around 66 degrees. I'm more productive. Maybe some people don't like it as cold as I do, but I don't care. Saleswoman has a vag*na. But I'm right? Hey. Do you remember the speeches that you gave? Could I have a copy of one of them? No, no! They would remember them. Look, it doesn't matter what you say. It just matters that you're saying something that people care about. Yeah? All right? Here we go. Watch this. Yeah! Unbelievable. That is so great about the bonus! This is karma because of what he did to Jennifer Aniston. Michael? You said we were getting bonuses. Cancel wallpaper. You mean Toastmasters? Can I go? Been to Amsterdam. Like to say 'Hi' to my friends in China. [speaks in Chinese] Michael, can you explain? Well, it's mostly made up. So... Dwight is not going to do a job. It's sad. And they're expecting excellence because I did do such a good job. Two years in a row. I k*lled. It was amazing. I'll glance at it. Of course. He's one of my closest friends. [polite clapping] No, I can't... I ca... [claps] I know what I said. I'm very sorry. I did not know you were wearing a hearing aid and I just thought you were speaking abnormally. ...And now the black guy from the 'Police Academy' movies. A robot. [makes robot sounds] Michael Winslow, anyone? [clapping] Ok, thanks. [to Michael] There you are. What happened? It was amazing. I wish you would have been there. What? Something happened? Weird. Con artist. She might have been. So she says 'Fine. I will go to my room. I will get my purse. I will come back. I'll show you my ID.' She hasn't come back yet. She's probably in her room drinking from the mini-bar! Right? Oh, I have more. [Holds up bags of candy] Oh, Michael. You can't be nasty today. [whispering] 'Cause of the... [points to 'Welcome Daughters!' sign] I reminded you last night. Listen, I like kids. But this is not a kid's environment. This is like HBO, no limits. Who knows what I'm going to say? Crazy stuff. And it is R rated, it is not rated G. I am like Eddie Murphy in "Raw," and they are trying to make me into Eddie Murphy in "Daddy Daycare." both great movies, but, still. Don't you think you should say something? Michael, I think that as the boss you should really--- [in unison] That's Batman. The ocean. Michael, you remember my daughter, Melissa. I'm in eighth grade. She's in middle school. Yeah, middle school's amazing. It is extraordinary. An extraordinary time. It's not that children make me uncomfortable, it's just that, why be a dad when you can be a fun uncle? I've never heard of anyone rebelling against their fun uncle. Um, fif--well, fifty... I... over ordered because they had a back order. Kelly and I both agreed that we would just have fun, and, I'm learning that fun for Kelly is... getting married and having babies. Immediately. With me. Let's start with... your mom. Sasha. Ooh! [picks up train whistle] Sure. [Sasha blows into whistle continously] [plays the recorder] That was Greensleeves. A traditional English Ballad about the beheaded Anne Boleyn. And now, a very special treat... a book my Grandmutter used to read me when I was a kid. This is a very special story, it's called Struwwelpeter, by Heinrich Hoffman from 1864. [reading from book] The great tall tailor always comes to little girls that suck their thumbs--- are you listening, Sasha? Right? And 'ere they dream when he's about, he takes his great sharp scissors out, and then cuts their thumbs clean off! There's a photo... These are cautionary tales for kids, my Grandmata used to read these--- What's a n*zi? [standing up] n*zi was a fascist movement... ...from the 1930's... I was gonna teach the children how to make corn-husk dolls. Bye, Mister Poop. [raising hands] I do, I do! You know, I never misbehaved in front of my father because he was a very strict disciplinarian. I can only hope my mate has some of those same qualities [makes eye contact with Dwight]. So... you cut the paper and dye it and stuff. That's not fair. [the rest of the kids agree] You're just a middleman. Wait, why doesn't the saw mill just sell paper directly to people? We have better service than they do! That is correct. Hi kids. Ewwww! Th-the hair covers it, mostly. No no no, we're not gonna see--- we're not gonna see the four toed... Creed, okay? No way. Really? What?! Right. Okay. You know, I can go with him. No! I will... go. Okay! Thank you Ryan. Good attitude, hottest in the office. [to Abby] Alright, nowwww... what kind... of pizza do you like? I don't get why parents are always complaining about how tough it is to raise kids. You joke around with them, you give them pizza, you give them candy, you let them live their lives... They're adults, for God's sake. [from TV] ...Bundle, are you ready to come on in? [TV children cheer] Let's have some fun! Is that a real fun sh**ting windmill? That's pretty funny. Is that Chet Montgomery? [employees chuckle] And heison TV now! Okay, next? So, whats your name? Well what's your favorite subject at school?Young Ree-cesss. So tell me, what do you want to be when you grow up?Young Hi everyone, it's one of my favorite times of the day. Did you get married? Why not? So, do you have any kids? Do you have a girlfriend? Was Chet Montgomery cool back then? Even I have a girlfriend. So you didn't get to be what you wanted to be. Meredith! I think these belong to you. [puts toys down on desk] Believe me, she has enough toys... she doesn't need your watch. Is everything okay? Uh... it's true... Mmhmm. Well, you need a wife first, or at least a girlfriend. Not Jan. If you really want to have kids, I--- I guess you could somehow... foster parent, or something. Somehow. Yes. I know. Niiice. Hey, uh, no, please? You can't leave yet. There's still one more thing we need to do. And they do, your parents, love you very much. Who is this guy again? Who uses calling cards anymore? This sounds like a get rich quick scheme. Didn't you lose a lot of money on that other investment, the one from the email? No, um. How is this not a pyramid scheme? Happy birthday Michael. I said happy birthday. Thank you! That's really nice. Today is my B-day, and people around here just go crazy for it. I don't know why. Oh! Fun fact. I share my birthday with Eva Longoria. So, I have aperfectice-breaker if I ever meet Terry Hatcher. Hey. ...Oh, happy birthday. No. I'm still waiting. Yes. There he is, the birthday boy! Birthday hug! That suit is amazing. Mmm. Maybe I should get one. Ebay. Hm. Question! May I be in charge of the party planning festivities? Excellent. On my part, I did manage to reserve the... Let's get the party started. [Begins 'raising the roof'] No. This is a closed door meeting. Michael, I have Jan on the line. Hello, Michael. I'm... returning your call, you said it was urgent. Well, today's not my birthday, so... ...Happy birthday, Michael. Am I on camera? Nope. Totally private. You can say whatever is in your heart. [Jan hangs up] [to Ryan, sitting across from Michael] ...You can take a five, if you want. Mmhmm, happy birthday. Who brought in donuts? Happy birthday! I... guess I forgot. Are you serious? Hi, delivery for Michael Scott. Uh... s-sure. Oh. Thanks. When I was seven, my mother hired a pony and a cart to come to my house for all the kids... and... I got a really bad rash from the pony, and all the kids got to ride the pony and I had to go inside, and my mother was rubbing cream on me... for probably three hours, and I never came outside. And by the time I got out the pony was already in the truck. And around the corner. So that was my worst birthday. It's 'For the Longest Time,' by William Joel. It's you favorite song. I probably care more than she does. Uh, that's a list price of four dollars and fifty cents. Unfortunately, this item is on [watch beeps] back... order... [hangs up] Michael! Michael! Michael Michael Michael! Come here, come here, come here! Come here! 23 exactly, the exact moment when you emerged from your mother's vaginal canal, so... huh?! Right, have a seat. Please. There is a tradition that the Hebrews have of hoisting the birthday boy up on a chair. ...I'll do it. On three, we're going to hoist away! Ready? Happy birth moment, Michael. One. Two. Three! [Michael is raised until his head hits the ceiling] Here they come. Come and get it! Uh, bologna, tomato and ketchup. These are all the same? Bologna? I don't eat bologna. No. No. Mm-kay. Get whatever you want. [under breath] And choke on it. Hello? Hey. No, um, no not yet. I will. Bye. [hangs up] It was just Stacy. Here we go. Make a wish. Yaoo yay! [claps] Pam was supposed to get 'em. No one cares about your birthday. Kevin's waiting to hear if he has skin cancer. [to Kevin] Honestly, is there any way you can get on your fiancee's plan? Our health plan is s... just... it's terrible. Still scary. Well the doctor said a combination of interferon and dicarbazine. I don't really think people are in the laughing mood. I work here. If I go home now, I'll just drive myself crazy. You... owe me. Is this trip related in any way to your... birthday? How dare you sir. You are gross. I'll get someone to take it down. Is that Michael? I got it. I can't relax about it, you know? No, not yet. Okay, Michael. Michael? Uhh, no, I... don't just sell real estate. Uh, my daughter has a skating lesson. No just the front two. Sure. Cool. Alright. Grab on. Here we go. Ready? Hang on tight. Alright. We are moving. We are reaaallly mooovin' now! Hello? Yeah okay. Alright. Okay, I will, thanks. [hangs up] It was negative. Oh... God... [stomps] God! [throws hockey stick and yellow paper bracelet down] We're gonna b*at this, okay? We're gonna... come here [hugs Kevin]. This is awesome. Thanks, you guys. Turn it around. Turn it around. Number one!! Michael? This is from all of us. Yeah, let's do it that way. ...to investigate the crime scene. I have six more interviews to go and then I will reveal what I know. If you are attempting to compliment me then you have done a very good job. Well, you have... ...because being a narc is one of the hardest jobs that you can have... ...and I am very proud of being a narc. Well, your office is behind you. [smiles knowingly] Attention everyone. Drug testers are coming in a couple of hours to test everyone's urine. Oh, when you sign your job application you agree to comply with random drug testing. Two nights ago, I went to an Alicia Keys concert at the Montage Mountain Performing Arts Center. I scored these great aisle seats. Anyway, after the opening act this beautiful girl sits down next to me and I never get to meet girls with lip rings and she had one. I don't know exactly how this happened but one of her friends started passing around some stuff and they said it was clove cigarettes, and I'm sure that it was clove cigarettes. Everybody in the aisle was doing it. No you can't do that. No you cannot. It has to be official, and ithasto be urine. So, I was looking so hot... You were the one joking around calling Dwight a narc. Thank you, Michael. I am ridiculously anti-drug. So anti-drug that I am above suspicion in any way that involves suspicion, or testing of any kind. Where did you get these facts? They are not. No, I don't. I have a glass of red wine with dinner about once a week. For the antioxidants. Hookah is not an illegal drug, Michael. No it's not. It's a type of pipe. You can fill it with tobacco, often mixed with fruit, or other flavors. You can't do that. That's not random. I know that Jim has an amazing story about a relative of his who got caught up in the world of dr*gs. Uh, hmmm. Wow! He really pulled out the big g*n. Fake crying. Did not expect that. No, you will be tested. You will be. That is the law according to the rules. I'm all better. What kind of filing? That goes directly to the tester. Like in a cup? For what purpose? Then I refuse. Are you serious? But that's illegal. Not my urine. Were you forced to do dr*gs at this concert? I'd still like one. That's great. It's a uniform and I turned it in today when I tendered my resignation. Ten minutes. Really? That's fantastic because I've always felt that the security here sucked . Dwight K. Schrute, I hereby declare you an honorary voluntary corporal in charge of assisting all activities security. I don't think so. [salutes] Thank you, Michael. I need to go over some details with you. There are a few people I decided not to invite, and that might make things kind of awkward but ... it's my wedding. And I don't want anyone there who has called me a hussy. I.D. badges are long overdue. Security in this office park is a joke. Last year, I came to work with my spud g*n in a duffel bag. I sat at my desk all day, with a r*fle that sh**t potatoes at 60 pounds per square inch. Can you imagine if I was deranged? Thank you. Um, I don't... It's like child abuse. I say, if Jesus saw that, he'd freak out! He'd freak out, Toby! I mean on some levels... it's... and I'm supposed to work there. I'm supposed... Just letting Oscar vent a little. We would use the break room, but the photographer's back there today. Since Christmas. Michael, can I talk to you for a uh, second please? all I do is listen. These things just have a way of working themselves out. It's like if you write someone a letter, when you're really angry... they say to keep it in a drawer for a couple days. Then you just never end up sending it. Okay. That was the right decision for me and my marriage. Yeah, well... that's not gonna fly here. Because in this office, it is till death do us part... assuming we don't get downsized. [leans over to Pam] Uh, Pam, will you get Angela and meet us in the conference room please? Can we go? I have a lot of work to do. What's the next one? Can we just skip to whatever number 5 is - win/win or whatever? Win/Win is number four and number five is win/win/win. The important difference here is with win/win/win, we all win. Me too. I win for having successfully mediated a conflict at work. I got this poster for Christmas, and I feel I want to see it everyday. It makes me feel like the babies are the true artists, and God has a really cute sense of humor. I don't like looking at it. It's creepy, and in bad taste, and it's just offensive to me. It makes me think of the horrible, frigid stage mothers who force the babies into it. It's kitsch. It's the opposite of art. It destroys art. It destroys souls. This is so much more offensive to me than hardcore p*rn. I'm talking about the... Win! That's... no... How about, Angela can keep it up on Tuesdays and Thursdays? But, it... You solved it? Well, good. We can, uh, throw that one out. [shuffles through papers] Mmm-Hm. I... I can't do that. That... [shakes head and places hand over the file] Every Friday at 4, I have a standing appointment with Dwight for him to file a grievance against Jim. I tell him that I'm sending them to a special file in New York. That box is the special file in New York. [sh**t twice] Nice. Actually, I have a separate folder for complaints against Michael. This [unlocks a drawer]is January through March of this year. [pulls out a fairly large folder] You already did me. Yeah, it just means whoever complained came to me later and withdrew it, so I took their name off. [notices Angela's intense concern] Um... let's move on. I volunteer. Did anyone have a problem with me? Wait, what did it say? I have this kind of big secret about Angela. And I've been really nice to her... and I haven't told anyone. And what the hell?! Fine, I'll take your name off. [looks at Michael] So no one will know. Dwight tried to kiss me. Sure. [gets up and walks over to Angela, whispering to her] Hey. Thanks for ratting me out! I find that hard to believe... considering you have problems with every single person in this entire office except Bobblehead Joe. Then why is there a picture of a white man on the door? [Michael, along with the camera, look at the standard stick man on the bathroom door.] No, I never said any such thing. Angela and I are close. We sit close. I guess so... [whispering to Angela] I don't like you. I know exactly what he's talking about. I sprout mung beans on a damp paper towel in my desk drawer. Very nutritious. But they smell like death. Wednesdays, tearful. Tuesdays... [Dwight walks in and rummages through his complaint box] Ah... agh... dgh... Ahh! No, no! Four years of malfeasance unreported. This cannot stand. No! You calm down! Who's side is Toby on? Who's side are you on? Him or me? Him or me? I cannot work with Jim anymore. Either he goes, or I go. You choose! One of us is out of here by the end of today! [runs out] I am not bluffing! Okay? Do the right thing here, Michael. Okay, I have served you loyally for years. I deserve this. You know I do! Oh, look, Jim. There's a sales manager position open in Stamford. Want me to call Jan and tell her you're interested? I could put in a good word for you, 'cause I'll still be working here. Transfer! Transfer! Everybody! Transfer! Transfer! Transfer! Transfer! Okay... you two, in the conference room with me. Nobody leaves until we work this out. Cage match! Cage matches? Yeah, they work. How could they not work? If they didn't work, everybody would still be in the cage. [laughs] Yes! Five bucks each. And it was totally worth it. That actually took a while. I had to put, uh, more and more nickels into his handset, till he got used to the weight, and then I just... took 'em all out. Just a simple macro. You know, these actually don't sound that funny one after another. But he does deserve it, though. Yeah, I just moved it an inch every time he went to the bathroom. And that's how I spent my entire day that day. Sure you do, Dwight. Sure. So, you going to transfer Jim or not? I want an answer by tomorrow. Fine. Good. Okay. I can't. I only get reimbursed for the I.D. photos. You mean digital? 20 bucks. You gotta be kiddin' me. One, two, three... smile. [camera flashes, but no one smiles] Try to smile. Alright, I'm just gonna take it on three... whether you smile or not. One, two, three. [camera flashes] That'll be another 20. Angela, I want to talk to you about something. I... I didn't know that Toby was gonna write it down. [the camera flashes] I was just venting. You know, it was one day. Oh, dear. [off camera] Let's pay Mr. Price Gouger. [rejoins the group, on camera] Okay... we can do this. Come on, everybody. All right. Here we go. [flash goes off before he sits down] It was really hard getting a good picture of fifteen people. He would not give me a good discount. And eight tries added up. [flashback the photo being taken] One, two..[flash goes off] Didn't say three, did I? Oh, thanks. Oh, my God. [on phone] Yeah, but... Well, the fact of the matter is that your branch is currently number four of the five branches that I oversee. Michael? You know that I'm very serious here. What? I thought that you were their fearless leader. [laughs] I think you can handle it. I think so, Michael... Goodbye, Michael. Jan and I understand each other. The romance thing is sort of on hold for the time being, but we've remained good friends. Good friends with privileges. Not now, some day. Again? We do that every year. It'd be nice to do something for people who are actually suffering. Yes! That doesn't exist anymore. No, they stopped making that show. We are giving money that has been gambled. Why don't we just deal dr*gs or prost*tute ourselves, and donate that money to charity? Actually, I didn't think it was appropriate to invite children since it's... You know, there's gambling and alcohol, and it's in our dangerous warehouse and it's a school night... And, you know, Hooters is catering. You know, is that enough? Should I keep going? I think you mean the aid to Afghanistan. Afghani. Afghani. No, that's Afghan. Wait, canine A*DS? Guys, the Afghanistananies. Okay, you know what? No. No. A*DS is not funny. Believe me, I have tried. Why did I talk to Jan about transferring? Well, you know... I have no future here. Mike, I am not having f*re-eaters in a paper warehouse. Except my warehouse. Actually, it's owned by Beakman Properties, and Dunder Mifflin is four years into a seven-year lease. When Darryl was coming, you said you wanted me here for protection. We just have a lot of stuff down there that could be stolen. What? Why? 'Cause I'm from the hood? I taught Mike some, uh, phrases to help with his interracial conversations. You know, stuff like, "Fleece it out." "Going mach five." "Dinkin' flicka." You know, things us Negroes say. Jim is great. Being with him just takes away all the stress of planning my wedding. [phone rings] Michael, Carol Stills for you. Carol Stills. Your realtor. [on phone] Hello, Michael? I'm great. I just needed one last signature for your mortgage insurance. Oh, great. Oh, good, I'm glad. Can I drop it over later? Oh, great. To the casino thing? What? Michael, Jan's on line two. Michael? You know, I... I thought about it and you are right. I could use a little fun. So, I am going to drive up for your Casino Night. Incidentally, what is the charity? Okay, then. I will see you tonight. Bye-bye. No problemo. To answer your question... Yes. I'd love to go. I have to get a sitter, but that shouldn't be a problem. And I'll bring the papers, too. I'll see you tonight. Bye. Yeah! That's great. Hi. Hi. Thanks. Thank you for inviting me. It looks so great in here. I'm Michael's wingman. I've got his back. Two dates. He's got two dates tonight. My job is to keep Jan away from Carol and vice versa. Michael said, "We must deceive them, so as not to hurt them, and in that way, we honor them." Drink would be good. Okay. That's my girlfriend. She was never my nurse. I met her at Chili's. She was my waitress. Chili's is great. [Under his breath] Will Lady Fortune give me a raise? Okay, the game is No-Limit Texas Hold'em. Good luck, everybody. That's at least four red chips to you, sir. All-in. [Other players fold their hands] I'll call. I have good cards. No, I'm sorry. He can't, sir. He's gone all-in. Flip them. Wow, bad luck. Michael? Hi. What does that mean? Okay. [Carol stares at Michael] Hey, hey. So, that's still going on, huh? You and Kelly? Come on, sh**t! All right. Five. Hey. I'm leaving. So, I just wanted to congratulate you on a fantastic evening. You did the company proud. And thanks for inviting me. You were right, I needed it. So, thanks. And you guys have a good time together. Goodbye. She seems really nice. Oh, she's great. [sobbing] Jim is gone. He's gone. I miss him so much. Ooooh I cry myself to sleep, Jim! [serious]False. I do not miss him. OK I think Oscar would just like if you used "lame" or something like that. Apparently you called Oscar "f@ggie" for liking the movie Shakespeare in Love more than an action movie. All right Michael, but Oscar's really gay. I mean for real. No, I mean he's attracted to other men. OK, I am telling you, Oscar is an actual h*m*. Yeah, he told me this morning. And, obviously he hopes he can count on your discretion. I would have never called him that if I knew. You don't... You don't call ret*rded people "ret*rds". It's bad taste. You call your friends "ret*rds" when they're acting ret*rded. And I consider Oscar a friend. No, it's fine. Jim's nice enough. I dont... I don't know how well he's fitting in here. He's always looking at the camera like this. [makes classic "Jim"-camera face] What is that? Of course. Absolutely not. Well, he's not dressed in women's clothes, so... You could assume everyone is, and not say anything offensive. Yeah, I'm sure everyone would appreciate me treating them like they were gay. I really don't think so. [creepy smile] Jim told me you could buy gay-dar online. Yeah probably. He didn't tell the truth a lot. What's gay-dar?Oh, oh, gay-dar, yes! No, uh, I think they have it at Sharper Image. Oh, you know what? I could check for you. No problem. [loudly fake typing] It's sold out! Yeah sorry about that, that's a bummer. You know, it's amazing to me that in this day and age, you could be so obtuse about sexual orientation. OK, Michael, are you aware that you ousted Oscar today? Coming out, is a significant moment for a gay person, and they should be allowed to select the timing and manner of announcing it. All right, now Oscar's feeling discriminated against by his co-workers, primarily Angela, and um, that's your fault. NO! No, it's not possible. You know, imagine... you were gay. Michael, your immaturity is extremely disappointing and may even lead to a lawsuit which is the absolute last thing this company needs right now. Do you understand? Am I the first gay man you ever knew? Uh, Michael knows Pam. He asked me to do this just for him. He has his own reasons. Watching some of your friends. [yelling] All right, everybody in the conference room! I don't care if you are gay, or straight, or a lesbian, or overweight! JUST GET IN HERE! RIGHT NOW! Did you know that gay used to mean happy? When I was growing up it meant lame. And now it means a man, who makes love... to other men. I'm not offended by h*m*. In the sixties I made love to many many women, often outdoors, in the mud and the rain. And it was possible a man slipped in, and there would be no way of knowing. Judges and juries! I'm getting married to Bob Vance. That's great. Congratulations Phyllis. That is great, and frankly kiiiiiiiind of amazing! [laughs] See? Everybody has a chance! No, you knew me in high school. Course, we all thought you were gay in high school. Well with your ties and your matching socks and --- You sound pretty defensive Michael. I think the problem with this office is thatyouare sending mixed signals about my being here. Gay, good. I don't think I can work here any longer. This has been the worst, most backwards day of my life. I would rather not. No, NO! I don't want to touch you, ever consider that? You're ignorant, and insulting, and small! Michael... I'm sorry. That was a good idea. Come on, come on. [Oscar and Michael hug] Michael appears to be gay too. And yet he is my friend. I guess I do have a gay friend. [embracing Oscar]You know what, I'm going to raise the stakes. I want you to watch this. And I want you to burn this into your brains. Because this is an image that I want you people to remember for a long time to come. Whenever you come into the office I want you to think about this. [awkwardly kissing Oscar] I did it. See. I'm still here. We're all still here. [everyone claps] [Dwight gets up to kiss Oscar] Oh come on! Dwight! Come on, man! We are not in the playground anymore. There are new rules. We have to be mature. But we can't lose the spirit of child like wonder. What is love... anyway? Maybe it's supposed to break all the rules. Like me and Jan. Or Oscar... and some guy. Life is short. When two people find each other, what should stand in their way? I am glad that today spurred social change. That's part of my job as regional manager. But you know what? Even if it didn't, at least we put this matter to bed. ...that's what she said. Or he said. Yeah? No, I didn't. What was Oprah about? That's a really big decision. Maybe you should wait before you adopt. Or not adopt. Roy's sister looked into it, and the application alone costs a thousand dollars. You know, she also said the waiting list is like eight months. Yeah. You probably won't. No, Michael. No, Michael. Sure. All right. Three pairs of pants. Three pairs of socks. Three packs of condoms. Uh, fun jeans. Sign. Per diem. Well, remember, no matter how much you may want to, do not sleep with him on the first date. It gives him all the power. My neighbor Alan. They're going on a date tonight. And your veil. I'll probably just wear this. Um... Um. I got it. Um. Um.Dwight and Hey, Michael. Pretty good. Good to see you. There he is! There's the traitor! Traitor! Traitor! Come here, you. Come here! Yeah! The product... the progidal... my son returns. It's really good to see you, man. Yeah, sold about forty thousand. Listen, Michael, I heard you were a great salesman. Okay! What are you talking about? Step away from me, Michael. This party is going to be awesome. Check it out. Wow. That is a lot of liquor. And a dart board. We should probably head on down and hook up with Jan. Oh, no, sorry, it's an inside joke. There's this bartender at Stamford who, uh... you know what? You'd just have to be there. Yeah. I'll do a sh*t, Michael. Ugh, that would be gross. It's not even lunch yet. SWAG! Stuff we all get. I basically decorated my condo for free with all of my SWAG. Thanks. I appreciate it, guys. All right, maybe. If I can. No, you cannot. Why do they call him The Bus? Smile! All right, Jan just emailed me. She wants us to meet her up front. You don't have email on your phone. Yeah, stop by later. [into phone] See you in a bit. Bye-bye. [to Dwight] May I have a moment of your time please? Yes. Anything. So I called my buddy down at the station today. Had them run a background check on Josh Porter. See if there's any known aliases, et cetera. He wasn't volunteering today. Oh yeah? Oh, tell him I say hi. Hey, how is... Toby? Oh, no, it was... you know, a good opportunity for me, a promotion. I got a chance to... Great! Wow, oh my God, thank you. Was that your per diem? What have you generated, Michael? What party? Is there a key for Jane Doe? Thank you. Any messages for 308? All right. Hey, Michael. Well, Jim and I have a meeting with Uni-ball in about forty-five minutes, so we should probably go now. I don't think so. Fine! All right. Keep the wing flaps. Hi, Pam. Yes. That is Josh and Dwight and Jim. [to others] Pam says hi. [into phone] Have fun on your date! Very good, talk to you later. Bye. Come on. Nice try, Josh! Or what? We didn't bet anything, Michael. Yeah, we should go. We gotta go. Say, while I have you here, could I talk to you about some new and exciting advances to our product line? Fine. That is so true. Ready? Great. Really? They're exclusive with Staples. Well, Michael, I underestimated you. You dream in cartoons? How fun! I thought there was a party in here. This is room 308? Michael. Am I the first to arrive? Can I get a drink? Can I get a drink? Yeah. Michael... Wait, wait. I didn't transfer because of you. You're a good boss. You're a great boss. Michael, it's not about... I transferred because of Pam. No, I just... I heard something about that. It's just, I kind of put it all on the line. Twice, actually. And she said no. Twice. Nope, that's okay. That's all right. Are we early? Hey. Hey, uh... Arnie Reisman. Michael, Jim. No, we used to. Now we're friends. Best friends. Some people need dozens of friends to say, "Hey, look at me, I'm popular." But not me. I'm very picky. I need three, maybe two. When you meet that someone special, you'll just know. Because a real relationship, it... it can't be forced. It should just come about effortlessly. Ha, ha, ha, ha. Blood, urine, or semen. [waiting on Pam to be done with the microwave] Ahhhhhhhhh. [whispering loudly] I'm hungry. Movie Monday! The only cure I know for the Monday blues is... Varsity Blues! [directing people to their assigned seats] Take a seat down there. Second from the end. [walking in with a tray of six popcorn bags] Popcorn anyone? Movie Monday started with training videos, but we went through those pretty fast. Then we watched a medical video. Since then, it's been half hour installments of various movies, with the exception of an episode of Entourage, which Michael made us watch six times. Entourage! Why him? Don't whine. Get the window. [Dwight exhales] Hello? [Angela coughs and points to the conference room] How would a movie increase productivity Michael? How on earth would it do that? Magically? [walking into Michael's office] I'm going... to the dentist. I have to have an emergency crown put in. Yes. It's a new dentist. He's far. I might be gone... three hours. [on speakerphone with Michael] Michael. I just had a very interesting conversation with one of your employees. No, it wasn't. Dwight just told me that he thinks he can run the branch better than you. Mm-hmm. You can't have people undermining you. Get control of your branch immediately. Ok. Saboteur! I'm going to k*ll you for real. This game--- the game is over. I'm really going to sh**t you. Hey. No thanks I'm stuffed. ...ok. [takes and eats several M&M's] ...so good. They have this new kind of quick drying bonding, so... Oh, yeah. [long pause] Crentist. Yep. Maybe that's why he became a dentist. [reluctantly opens his mouth and Michael peers inside] Ahh. Aaaah. I know... [exhales] Well then... I am glad you're ok. Business is like a jungle. And I... am like a tiger. And Dwight, is like a monkey, that stabs the tiger in the back with a stick. Does the tiger f*re the monkey? Does the tiger transfer the monkey to another branch? [smiling] Pun. There is no way of knowing what goes on inside the tiger's head. We don't have the technology. Dwight, can I talk to you for a second? What? What is it? No. Gahh! I can't believe this news. That--- wow. You said that? Well... Gosh, if you think I should. Then I will. All right. Assistant to the regional manager. Thank you Michael, for staying on. I really appreciate it. Hey... I can't imagine this place without you. [muttering] Can't you? That's so nice. Yeah, when I'm ready, Mike. [Dwight exhales, Michael looks at the camera] Ok let's do it. You're kidding... But... why Dwight? How does that qualify him to run a branch? Because that's all it takes. Michael, what will you do? Do you have any savings? Michael, you might lose your condo. Well, I remember why I dress the way I do at work. But I'm gonna keep the clothes. I mean, it'll be cool to just have some after work clothes that aren't pajamas. [smiling] No thank you. No thanks. Not my style. Well that was before. I'm thinking about getting something German, something with decent gas mileage. Plus, that convertible, it's a ridiculous choice for this climate. [confused] No. What did you--- Yes. You know what? No! I think the Sebring's cool. It's cool. The Seabring's cool. It has a cassette and it has a CD. [Dwight gets on his knees and puts his face down on the ground] Don't f*re me. Please. [terrified] I HAVE EXCELLENT SALES NUMBERS! [sobbing] I'll do anything! Anything! I'll do your laundry for a month! For a year! I'm sorry! I'll do anything, I swear. [squeaking, crying] You can't. You can't. But I promise I'll never betray you again. What can I do, Michael. What can I do? [Michael exhales] What can I do? [Dwight has his face to the ground but his butt raised high in the air] What can I do? What can I do? You can get up. Get up. [Dwight gets up with spit hanging from his lips] And you can hug it out, b*tch. [Dwight and Michael have a firm embrace] [throws some desk material in the air to signify debris from the grenade expl*si*n, grins as Jim walks away] Uh, no thanks, I'm good. Um... Yeah, absolutely. [laughs uproariously and applauds] Whoo! Thank you. Michael, can you get me a pen from down in the warehouse? Okay. [continues to laugh] Whoo! Hey Michael, would you get me some coffee from the warehouse? Yeah. Yes, it's better. It's great. [breathless] All right. Okay. [goes back down pretend stairs, crawls on belly to the kitchen for the coffee] [after Michael returns with coffee] With cream and sugar? [on speakerphone] So, I wanted to let you know that we lost Ed Truck. Michael, Ed d*ed over the weekend. Oh, wow. Oh, Michael, that's such terrible news! You must feel so sad. That's a shame. Ed was a good guy. That's right, you worked with him. So did Creed. Well, I'll be in my office in case anybody wants to drop by. Cheer me up. The news that you just announced? That Ed d*ed? Is there anything I can do? Yeah. Oh. Okay. It's a real shame about Ed, huh? About what? Ed was decapitated. He was drunk as a skunk, he was flying down Route 6. He slides under an 18 wheeler. Pop. It snaps right off. What did I say? That is just not the way a Dunder Mifflin manager should go, I'm sorry. Alone, out of the blue, and not even have his own head to comfort him. Ed was decapitated. You said you didn't know how to say it. When I die, I wanna be frozen. And if they have to freeze me in pieces, so be it. I will wake up stronger than ever because I will have used that time to figure out exactly why I d*ed and what moves I could have used to defend myself better now that I know what hold he had me in. [on speakerphone] I understand how you feel, Michael. I really do. So, would it be helpful to give everyone the day off? Well, what would you suggest? Of Ed? [scoffs] I'm not sure that's realistic. No, that's not--- That is not a statue, that is a robot. And how big do you want this robot? What the hell are you two talking about? You know what, Michael? I've really tried with you today... ...and I have to get back to work. So call me when you feel like having a real conversation. Goodbye. [hangs up] Look [holding up sketch] I gave him a six foot extension cord so he can't chase us. Did you check your... butt? Okay that's enough. We do not wanna hear about this. You have just spit on my face. Well, you know what? There's something wrong with you. There is something wrong with everybody in here. Because we have lost a member of our family and you don't wanna talk about it, you don't wanna think about it, you just wanna get back to work! There are five stages to grief, which are [glancing at computer screen] denial, anger, bargaining, depression, and acceptance. And right now, out there, they're all denying the fact that they're sad. And that's hard. And it's making them all angry. And it is my job to try to get them all the way through to acceptance. And if not acceptance, then just depression. If I can get them depressed, then I'll have done my job. Excuse me, I'm sorry to interrupt, uh, I need to see Pam. There seems to be, like, something wrong with the radiator in her car. [laughing] Six? You waited for me? [grabbing ball] I got it. When my mother was pregnant with me, they did an ultrasound and found she was having twins. When they did another ultrasound a few weeks later, they discovered, that I had resorbed the other fetus. Do I regret this? No. I believe his tissue has made me stronger. I now have the strength of a grown man and a little baby. [throwing ball back] Nope. I will NOT. [throws ball back] Let's see. I had an aunt that I was really close to. She was this amazing female boxer. Um, anyway, she was injured in a fight, and she was paralyzed. So, you can imagine how upset I was when I found out that she asked her manager to remove her breathing tube so she could die. [catching ball] Thanks. Um, a few years ago, my family was on a safari in Africa and, um, my cousin, Mufasa was um, he was trampled to death by a pack of wildebeests and, um, we all... took it really hard. All of us kind of in the audience of what happened. Me, me, me, me, me me. [catches ball] Yes. Okay, um. I was trying to throw this party once. And everyone was over for the weekend. And then my uncle Bernie d*ed, and so me and my best friend, we had to pretend like he was alive, so... Well, there is a ball. No, I'm done. We really have a lot of work to do right now. Michael, look. I know this is hard for you, but death's just a part of life. I mean, just this morning I saw a little bird fly into the glass doors downstairs and die. And I had to keep going. What? It was obvious... Michael! [following Michael downstairs] Michael. Michael ... [in disgust] Oh... Poor little fella. He is a goner. Yeah. Michael, get him away from your head! He is covered in germs and bacteria! A dead bird should not be in the kitchen! You want me to flush him? I have a lot of work to do. But... [crying] [trying to shove bird into a can] Argh... gah! What? No, this is about the right size. I called the manufacturer, who referred me to distributor, who referred me to the vending machine company, who told me that they sell them in the machines in the building next door. You told us we had to. Actually, I have it. I'd also like to say a few words if that's okay. He's not a songbird. [singing] Just smile for me and let the day begin. You are the sunshine that lights my heart within... on the wings of love ... Tell me what you did yesterday. Nothing? I don't care how your day was Michael. Tell me what you did yesterday. I worked. And then I went home to my condo. And Carol came over. And then we had sex. Is that what you want to hear? So I guess I can't get up. Once a year they bring in a little cart and they give away free pretzels. It's really not a big deal. To some people it is. Productivity is important but how can I be productive if I have this one little thing in my brain? That I cannot get out. And that one little thing is a soft pretzel. So I'm just going to have my soft pretzel, then I'll get to work, and I'll be super productive. Look out for me. Because they acted all tough and everything... But what they were rapping about was cupcakes and the Chronicles of Narnia. God. Who invented cupcakes, right? I want to... I'm just saying hi to Bob. Well settle down, Scott. No way. Boooooo. Booooo. Back of the line. Michael. Great! I thought you could use this time to authorize some checks. Hey, why don't you just go up to your office, get some work done, and I'll just bring you a pretzel. You know, I just think it's really important that you be productive today. Thank you! [takes pretzel] We do. And we have 18 different toppings. We have sweet glaze, cinnamon sugar, chocolate, white chocolate, fudge, M&M's, caramel dip, mint chip, chocolate chip, marshmallow, nuts, toffee nuts, coconuts, peanut butter drizzle, Oreos, sprinkles, cotton candy bits, and powdered sugar. The Works. You got it. [Michael is listening to "Rock And Roll Part 2 by Gary Glitter" and everyone can hear it. Kevin singing in unison with the song] Hey! Hey! I'm going to try to be confident, but not cocky. Second? Account...? Michael, what is going on? What's on your suit? Night. 20 past 5. PM. These came for you. Contracts? Brent Koselli? This is a huge sale. Night, Michael. Here you go. It's not a dress. It's a kurta. [laughing] OK. I know. Don't go. They eat monkey brains. Hey. Hey. Stop that. That is offensive. Indians do not eat monkey brains. And if they do... sign me up... because I am sure that they are very tasty and nutritional. I don't celebrate Kwanzaa. Wha? Really? You should! It's fun. I love the people here. And if there was one thing I di... don't really care for is that they can be terribly, terribly ignorant about other cultures. And I don't want them embarrassing me in front of my girlfriend, Carol. Um... Diwali is awesome... and there's food... and there's going to be dancing... and... Oh! I got the raddest outfit. It has, um... Sparkles... Pam wishes. [generalized laughing] Kelly, I'll take this one. Diwali is a Celebration of the Coronation of the God-King Rama. After his epic battle with Ravana, the Demon King of Lanka. It symbolizes the battle between good and evil... Thank you. I see dead people. He was dead the whole time. Yup. This is the best meeting we've ever had. I find this incredibly offensive. Well, whatever Kelly wants to do in her own house is fine but we shouldn't all be subjected to it. Actually, she's right. This isn't appropriate. Why don't I take these. Yes. No. This is delightful, charming culture. [wearing cheerleader costume] I thought you said this was a costume party! An Indian woman in a sari. Nice outfit. Hey, Kevin. It's a costume. Why don't you just cool it, okay? Carol? Carol. I'll just have some bread. You used your hands. What? Too spicy? They're not s'mores. They're samosas. Do you think they have any s'mores? [song by Beyonce Knowles] Looking so crazy, my baby. I'm not myself lately. I'm foolish. I don't do this. I've been playing myself. Baby I don't care. Cuz your love got the best of me. And baby you're making a fool of me. Yes. How long have you been married to the cheerleader? She is very fair. Are you okay? Oh, Michael. Can we talk about this in private? [louder] Can we talk about this in private? [lowers microphone] Oh, you've got to be kidding me. Okay. This is the ninth date, Michael. I better go. Okay, you can find a way home, all right? Okay. Okay, good night, Michael. TUNA! Are you kidding me!! Here. [hands drink] Yeah. Uh... no. Well, you were never really engaged. Yeah. I kind of thought something would happen tonight too. What are you doing? I'm rejecting your... ...kiss. Good. You say one more word; I'm stopping the car. Sorry. No![knocks coffee out of Stanley's hand.] You'll thank me later. Michael. Michael. Michael. I am here to tell you that we are closing the Scranton branch. The board voted last night to close your branch. The board's. I'm very sorry. I don't relish telling you this. You've been a big part of this company, and the board asked me to thank you for your years of service. A small number of people will be transferred to the Stamford branch, and the rest will be getting severance packages. Well, we haven't made final decisions about personnel yet. But you're a severance package person. Well, it's not all about numbers, Michael. It's... it's about talent. Our CFO believes that Josh is going to play an important role in our company's future. Oh really, what role is that? King of the stupid universe? It is an outrage, that's all. It's... hey're making a huge, huge mistake. Let's see Josh replace these people. Let's see Josh find another Stanley. You think Stanleys grow on trees? Well they don't. There is no Stanley tree. Do you think the world is crawling with Phyllises? Show me that farm. With Phyllises and Kevins sprouting up all over the place. Ripe for the plucking. Show me that farm. Hey stranger. Sorry. I just feel like we haven't talked in awhile. Are you okay? What did Jan want? What can't you tell me? What?! You just said that we're gonna be gone...? Michael, what's going on? Ok, ok... Michael, uh... we shouldn't be talking about this until all the decisions have been made. Jan told me just a few minutes before she told you. What about us, Michael? Do we still have jobs? Hey Mike. Look, I heard about the office. Tough break. I wasn't. Actually, Bob Vance bought out the warehouse. So he's keeping on the whole crew. So, we good. Awesome. This is my house. The CFO is taking away my house and giving it to Josh. And Josh is giving the garage to Bob Vance. Oh, good... you're bringing Dwight. What's the plan? Can I drive? g*n! Thank you very much. [hangs up cell phone] Okay, secretary says Wallace is away for the day and won't be coming back into the office. But, do not worry. I have his home address right [presses cell phone button] here. Christmas card list. This kinda worked out perfectly for me. I got some good experience. Uh, Michael's gonna write me a great recommendation. And as far as me and Kelly goes, I think it's for the best. So, do you know what you're gonna say when he shows up? No. Bad idea. You need an att*ck plan. Here, I'll be him, you be you. Let's practice. Yes? What is the meaning of this? Well, the branch is no longer finicially viable. It's simple dollars and cents. Listen, Scott... we're losing money, okay? It's not a charity; it's a business. And it's a dying business. [as himself] Whoa hey, why not? Okay. [as David Wallace] Dum, dum, dum, du, doy, du, do... coming home from work... Ah. [takes a gulp of Gatorade and passes the bottle to Michael] Here, replinish your fluids. [referring to Michael's ringing phone] who is it? Gonna get it? Thanks, man. You, too. Totally. Nothing. [puts down binoculars] Then it was an honor to have worked with you. My first day when you hazed me by spraying me with a f*re extinguisher. Uh,... my first sale, my promotion to assistant regional manager, our basketball game, when you took me to the hospital, and told me that you cared about me. What were your favorite moments? What about when Jan said the branch was closing? Yeah, I'm happy he said that. I mean, I don't think he's into me or anything, but, I'm kind of into him. So...there you go. [picks up his beeping cell phone] [on the phone] Oh my God! Stranford is closed! Michael, we're not closed. Stamford is closed. Stamford is closed. We did it! We did it! Ouu! Ou! Ouu! Ouu! In your face! Oh, man. I don't ... have no idea. I should probably get back to work. Nametag? Karen Filippelli. Probably Italian. Possibly Filipino. Okay. My branch is absorbing the Stamford branch. Or, as I like to put it, my family is doubling in size. That's all I'm going to say about it because I have a gigantic performance ahead of me. And I have to get into my head and focus. [exhales] That's Andy Bernard. If I were you... ...I would f*re Anthony Gardner... ...before noon... ...to consolidate power. Good morning! Hello? Hannah Smoterich-Barr. Welcome to our humble abode. Follow me to your desk. Your ball and chain is right over here. You know for a lot of these people this is the only family they have. So... As far as I'm concerned, [holds up WORLD'S BEST BOSS mug] this says 'World's Best Dad'. Gardner. Michael, I didn't get a gift bag. My bag's mostly pencils. Really? That's so cool. I've always wanted to learn... ...to knit. Uh wait, are you a robot or a Martian? Hello. And you must be Michael Scott. Aloha and... hello. Michael, thank you for welcoming me to your little kingdom, Mike. Nifty! They are nifty! They're nifty gifties. Right. Okay. Oh! Thanks. Michael Scott. Thank you. I appreciate it, Mike. This thing is so awesome. It will shred anything. Ooh! It will shred a CD. It will shred... a credit card. It will shred... oh! [whispers] sh**t. We need to talk! Which is higher? Assistant Regional Manager or Regional Director in Charge of Sales? Okay. So who gets paid more? Me or Andy? Ok. Who reports to who? And then if I want... I... I... One... I just told you. Okay. Everybody settled in? Good. Why don't we all proceed in to the conference room? Or, should I say, the banquet hall. For... drum roll, please [makes drum roll noises], the official Merger Day All-Family Welcome Breakfast. Come on in! Hey, champagne. Looks like salmon. I eat beef. The beef is poisoned? Um... You might want these orientation materials. You won't be disappointed. [Lazy Scranton Video] Yo Mike, our town is dope and pretty. in the Electric City! What? What? It reminds me of the orientation video showed on my first day. 'The Scranton Witch Project'. [Lazy Scranton video continues] Spot, spot, spot, spot ... [on video in background] Spot. Scranton. What? The Electric City. Scranton.What? The Electric City. Scranton. What? Okay. Nope. You're not interrupting anything. Nope. I'm... Don't... Look what's on his computer. It's my left breast. I don't know who these new people think they are. I've sat downwind of Phyllis' stinky perfumes for years. Never said a word. People hate people that are different from them. That's natural. But you know what makes people forget their differences? A great show. That is why I created the 'Integration Celebration'. This is the moment when Scranton and Stamford come together as one. United in applause. Do you have batteries? [sings drum b*at intro to 'What is Love?'] [sings] What is love? Baby, don't hurt me. Okay, here we go.Andy & Don't hurt me! Baby, don't hurt me! Baby, don't hurt me! Scuse me! Scuse me!Andy & Whoa-oh-oh-oh! Whoa-oh-oh... Whoa-oh-oh-oh. Oh, probably because of all the nose candy. Very funny, Michael! Really funny, Michael! All right, all right, I'm on a roll. Shouldn't we be equals? Uh... this is difficult, for me. No. I mean I can't physically. I can't get on the table. [starts to climb table] No, please. No. Do this. Come on. Ready? On three. One... two... three. All right. All right. Stop. Put me down. Let me go! Put me down right... Put me down! Put me down right now! I'VE HAD ENOUGH! PUT ME DOWN RIGHT NOW or else! Hey, hey. Easy. I'm sorry! It's just not going to work for me. I have to go. I was on the fence about this and... it's just not a good fit. I can't work here. I have to quit. No. Toby was helpful. He was very kind. It's just your management style. No. Was it supposed to be funny? Excuse me? But there's nothing in my desk except coupons. That was my advice. Remember? I'm the one who suggested that you f*re him. Maybe that's because some people treat it like their own private Hooters strip club. Back to work. We don't have to get along. We just have to work together. No. We do have to get along. Can't we all just get along? Or have we forgotten the words of the Reverend King. The word merger comes from the word marriage. And that was what today was supposed to be. The loving union between people. Instead, it has become like when my Mom moved in with Jeff. And once again, it becomes my job to fix it. What! Does he ever. YEAH! I don't... I don't think we can do that. Hey! Why doesn't your car have a flat tire? For crying out loud. Got an hour? I'll try to explain. Bob Vance of Vance Refrigeration. Michael! Did you f*re Tony Gardner when he was trying to quit? Do you realize, Michael, that we now have to pay him severance? You do? What? No. No. No, Jim is your Number Two. He's the only one who has worked with both groups. I sent you a memo about this. Yes, I know that. For, I do read the memos. So who will be your new Number Three? Michael, I would just like to say you have handled this entire situation with great aplomb. And I have to say your leadership... has brought... Fantastic. Thank youuu. Uh, sure! Yes. I have started to see Karen. It's very new, and... not really ready to talk about it openly yet, just because, I think, once the word gets out there, it might affect the way people behave around us or... I dunno. Just, not yet. We get that money for hiring an ex-convict. One of the Stamford people is a criminal? [whispering] Who is it? Hmm. Martin? Wait, why am I a r*cist? He is black... right? And... Michael? I wonder what he did. Why would anyone go to jail for that? Sure. Let's protect the convicts. At the expense of the general feeling of safety in the workplace. As a 90-pound female that sits in an ill-lit, rarely-visited corner of the office, naturally I agree with that. Jackpot. I am cool. I'm cool, I'm cool, I'm so cool. Tell me what is going on. Lead off with that. She loves hunting. She also loves those ads for Six Flags, with the old guy. [Andy hums Six Flag ad] Got it. Also... do you speak pig latin? Good. Getting settled, you know? My dad. Jonas Salk. Justin Timberlake? Hey I got one. Jesus. Apollo Creed. So... you all wanna know what I was in for? Um, I really don't mind. It was a stupid mistake. I was working in finance and, I... got involved in some insider trading. So, I spent a little time in the clink. Yeah, some days I never go outside. Kinda sounds like... prison's... better than Dunder-Mifflin. Prison sounds great. No you would not. Wow. That was... wow. I can't feel my toes. What is that, like... five pounds? I'm going back inside. Yeah, it's... freaking cold out here. Anybody wants to stay out, you've got about... twenty-seven minutes of rec time. Yeah, in the rec room. Actually, our TV was bigger than that one. Uh, you know what though? I feel like I already sicked him on Pam... we'll give her a break. Let's think of someone else. Do you really expect us to believe you're somebody else? Where... did you learn all of this? So, not prison. What'd you do, Prison Mike? That is... quite the rap sheet, Prison Mike. Prison Mike? What was the food like in prison? Wow. Prison sounds horrible. Don't encourage him, Dwight. Demen-Dementors like in Harry Potter? Yeah, that... wasn't really... at all my experience. There were certain elements of what you performed, I've seen on television. But it didn't remind me of my time in prison. Okay, Michael. Come on. Let us out. Michael. Why's everyone locked in the conference room? Well, you're going to have to let 'em out. Or... or I will. You know they're teasing you. I mean... obviously, this is... a much nicer place than an actual prison. We get paid to be here. We go home afterwards and have social lives. We have... we have parties here. They're teasing you. To be funny. [unlocks door] Okay nutcases, get out of there! Good work. Long day. Really long. Why don't you guys head home. Early. Time off for good behavior! Heh. Good job. Enjoy your freedoms! Oh Pam. Take a chill pill. Can I help you, Michael? It's behind you. Wow. What kind of bike is that? The tires look pretty worn. But the paint's chipping. Is that your old bike, Michael? Yo, Michael, sweet ride Mike. Michael? [hands over bag] I didn't, it's from corporate. Yup. Terrific. Good. Hi, is Michael around here? Michael. [whispers] What? Get outta here. [standing up] Oh, ouch. Michael, I don't think there is anything wrong with the way you described her. I really need a moment alone with you. [Carol heads towards Michael's office.] What is this? [Holds up a Christmas photo] No. See, we never went on a ski trip. I went on a ski trip. Two years ago with my kids and my ex-husband. Michael. This is so weird. I think you're a really sweet guy. But, um, I don't know how to deal with, with this thing [waves Christmas card]. And, and the proposal. And I don't think things are going to work out with us. What are you talking about? Oh, no. Michael. Michael... I'm sorry. I feel like there's a chance for me to start over. And if I fall back into the same kind of things I used to do., then ... what am I doing? You can't cancel a holiday. What does that mean? Michael, what's going on? [over everybody else's talking] Are we gonna cancel Hanukah as well? But we invited guests. Well, you know what Phyllis? All of your guests would have probably canceled at the last minute anyway, leaving your life a stupid rotten mess. I know. OK, well, why are you laying like that? Like what? Well.. um I, I don't... Michael. Sorry to interrupt. Uh, It appears we're one bathrobe short. Copy. No, thank you. You tried this out, and it's clearly not for you. It's time to go. Come on. [Angela gets up from seat] Please. [Karen gets up and leaves] Thank you. OK, thank you very much. [Angela closes door] Hey, what's the haps? [Dwight shuts door in his face.] Why don't you just buy the whole song? Oh, look at this, she saved you two thousand dollars 'cause they failed to report a mold problem. [Continues to sift through papers] But wouldn't that affect the final... How did she? Oh, oh, I see what she did. That is good. Wow. Carol is one smart cookie. [singing] Goodbye my lover. Goodbye my friend. [hits repeat again] Hey. I can't concentrate when I know you're in pain, man. Let me take you to lunch. [Michael sighs.] C'mon, my treat. That's my boy. I know the perfect place, too. No. Benihana. Much classier. But don't worry, the babes are totally hot, too. [do a fist bump and expl*si*n] Ah man, I can't. I'm not feeling so well. I've got a ton of work to do here. MSG allergy, peanut allergy, I just ate there last night. [Michael feels Ryan's forehead] Thanks. Doctor appointment, car trouble, plantar warts, granddad fought in World w*r II. Use your head, man. I keep mine in here. [Holds up blackberry.] Look alive, Halpert. Welcome back. Get out Jim. [Dwight tries to sit between Andy and Jim] Actually, um... [to two other people at the table] Sir, I'm going to need take this chair. I can't... I can't here what you're saying. [off screen at other end of table] What're you talking about? [still off screen] Carol had a mustache? [off screen] What are you guys talking about? It is my job to be there for Michael. How can I be there for Michael if I'm here for Michael? [food is thrown at Dwight's face] Who are you calling? I think he'd know. [Dwight and her stare at each other] I don't know. You made her laugh. Yes! She totally digs us. [referring to what chef is doing] Watch, watch, watch, watch. [Onions smoke up] Heh, heh? What did I tell 'ya? This drink... [in audible conversation with Michael] I don't back down. My sister and I used to be best friends, and we haven't talked in 16 years. Over some disagreement, I don't even remember. So... yeah. I'm pretty good. Excuse me. Cindy, Cindy. I want you to close your eyes and imagine your dream house. [Cindy laughs] C'mon, do it for Michael. He's had a really long day. [referring to waitresses] They have been checking us out, all night! I am not kidding! What? Now, you are thinking. Yes. And you know what? Because you have had such a rough day, you get Cindy. Oh, you are such mench my friend. [They stand up and do fist bump and expl*si*n] I'm sure they'll want to meet her, too. That rocks. Thanks! I, I wanna give you something. Oh. [She whispers in his ear. Michael starts to laugh] That's what she said. Is he the hot one or the giant baby? [under her breath] There's another party in the break room. You can't have it [takes back toy] I don't walk into your house and steal your Hello Kitty backpack. Hey! It's Angela! [Angela slams door shut, but not before Kevin sneaks out] Hey! [singing] I want you to know. That I'm happy for you. I wish nothing but... Do I agree about what? What're you talking about? OK.Andy and [singing] Whatever we deny or embrace. For worse or for better. We belong, we belong, we belong together... Ryan... Right. Which one is she? [Michael stares at both waitresses] Dude, you should know. Yeah... well, it's been hard, they're wearing the exact same uniform. And I've been drinking. And you know how all waitresses look alike. I honestly don't see what the big deal is. Stevie Wonder is married. Are you going to tell me that Stevie Wonder doesn't love his wife just because he's not sure what she looks like? You know where I am. Oh. Hey. Hey. This party blows, so we're gonna leave. Cool... I... We're just gonna take off. No... I have school. [leaves with other waitress and bicycle] [singing] Lady, from the moment I saw you standing all alone. You gave all the love that I needed... No. She wasn't. Well, for starters, I've known you as a couple since the beginning of the relationship, which was approximately [looks a watch] three hours ago. Sorry. You what? Yeah. You just had a rebound. Yeah. Which, don't get me wrong, can be a really fun distraction, but, when it's over, you're left thinking about the girl you really like, the one that broke your heart. [singing, with Dwight holding up microphone] Little baby, parum pum pum pum. I am a poor boy too, parum pum pum pum. I have no gift to bring, parum pum pum pum. That's fit to give our King, parum pum pum pum.. I am now chopping off Phyllis' head with a chainsaw! ... Rin-in-in-in-in-in! Hey. You have a bunch of messages and... [sees Michael shaking head with beads in hair] that's nice. Hannah quit while you were gone. I guess she memo-ed to file some complaints she had about being a working mother? And so you might also have to be deposed. OK. It's kind of serious. How was Jamaica? Oh, Michael, I'm glad you're here. My bonus check was a hundred dollars less than you promised. They said I should talk to you. I am not doing a lick more work until I get my full bonus check. I still haven't found an apartment yet. I'm living in a hotel. Yesterday, I saw a "for rent" sign down the street from Jim and he said he didn't think it'd be such a good idea. He said it would be like we were living together. In different houses. Two blocks away. That's good. [Michael continues to play conch shell] Huh. It's kind of an impoverished country. But you can't today, we're doing inventory. We couldn't do it without you, so we postponed. I specifically went on vacation so I would miss it. Inventory is boring. In the islands, they don't make you do stuff like take inventory. Why do you think so many businesses move to the Caymans? By the end of the day? That's impossible. Michael, there's no way we can do it in time. How hard is a luau? All you need are some grass skirts, pineapple, poi, tiki torches, suckling pig, some f*re dancers. That's all you need. Oh yeah, oh my God. No, no, no. No, that's a German woman named Urkel Grue. Jan told me to play it cool and not tell anybody because it can get us both in trouble. So officially, I did not see her. But I did see Jan there. In our room. At night. And in the morning. That's all I'm gonna say. Sex. We had sex. I had sex with her. I had sex with Jan. Big whoop! I was in Hot-lanta. That whole town is whacked. You took the ice queen? I don't buy it. They wouldn't give you a subscription to Maxim. No. Well, no. I got nothing. Yeah, Mike, still nothing. Wait, I just got it from somebody else. Wow. This is hot. Damn! How do I get you out of this picture? He's in the office. All right, what's up Mike? Yup. Uh huh. Yup. Really? Who's the target? What's it of? Unless you're willing to tell me everything, I cannot accept this assignment. Hey I need to talk to you right now. About you and Jan. Wish it were true, but it, it uh, seems from that photo that you took, you've entered into an intimate relationship. Michael, nine different people emailed me that photo, including my ex-wife... we don't talk now. You know, for your own protection, you should disclose the relationship to HR. All right, if you're having a relationship with your superior, you must disclose it. All right, thanks Michael. [on phone] Dunder Mifflin, this is Pam. Just a second. Michael, it's Jan on the phone for you. He'll call you back. OK, great. Michael! Michael! [pokes head through blinds in Michael's office] There's an emergency in the warehouse. No, it's... involves the photograph. [starts clapping] Mike, you are a rock star, man. You are the man! Well done. That corporate booty, he likes to h*t it! Jan. Urkel Grue. My point is that, if you get it, I would ask that you just delete it. Sight unseen. Let's be professional, all right? Hey. What are you doing out here? Jan called. She's coming in later to talk to you. I have disconnected the office T1 line. I have ordered that that [referring to large picture of Michael and Jan in Jamaica on the wall] be taken down and destroyed all print outs from the bathroom. There were. A lot of them. Hello everyone. Hello Michael. Very sunny. Family's important. Michael, I would like to speak with you, in your office. Why am I here, Michael? In the last year, I've gone through a divorce, an identity theft, a husband who would not... communicate. This is nether here or there. My psychiatrist thinks that I have some self-destructive tendencies and that for once, I should indulge them. You following me? I think I owe it to myself to find some kind of happiness, you know? I mean, even, even if it means... lowering my expectations or, or redefining the word, itself. This is the kind of thing, you know? I am... attracted to you. I, I don't know why, I... but, I am. And, I need to follow my instincts. At least that's what Dr. Perry thinks. This is the point, OK? You're wrong for me. In... In... every way. But I still find myself wanting to... be with you. Good, good. Well, good, OK. Thank you... for taking the time... Wait 15 minutes, find an excuse, and meet me at your condo. I am Harvey, a computer. Jim sucks. Yeah, you can. For this? Me so horny. Me love you long tim. Who is 'Long Tim'? Thank you. [Puts candy back] I... I don't want those. Hey Dwight, pass the tardy sauce. Get it Michael? Hmmm, well... let me think about this for a minute. Oh, I don't know. Michael Scott. Ph. D. Doctor of Sales. Well, it is very gracious of you to accept. Oh, uh, thanks. Pass. I am very flattered. I was his second choice after "Pass." Sebring by Chrysler. Heck of a... motor... carriage. Yup? Yeah! You want shirts on hangers? He does your laundry? Wait, "Amazing Race" like, the biggest sale wins? Is there a prize? Then how is this "Amazing Race"? Michael. [Michael throws Phyllis' keys under the car.] Uh, yeah. It's the safest part of the car. In the event of a crash, the driver always protects his side of the car first. What's the deal with Dwight doing your laundry? I think you have assembled an amazing team at Scranton. It's really a pleasure to be a part of it. It's like, everyone has their own special skill, you know, just like the Superfriends. Except for Dwight, who is more like a SuperDud. I mean, he would be a Superfriend if there was a Superfriend whose super power was always being late. You know? My plan is taking longer than I thought but I don't give up easily. I have walked two marathons. Yes, it is. [Walks up to the counter where there is no employee] Hello? Yep. Caught an eighty-pound shark off of Montauk. It's in the Hamptons. My dad's got a 42-ft Bayliner. Sniped it with a r*fle from the crow's nest. Also sh*t a deer once. Uh, I have to say I am a little wary with getting involved with a big company. We've had some problems in the past. Oh, man, that is, like, poetry. I swear, this guy could sell paper to a tree. Oh man. Talk about your classic "Lame dash O." Do we even want that guy buying our paper? I... I'm so sorry man. I really screwed that up. I really 'Schruted' it. 'Schruted' it. It's just this thing that people say around your office all the time. Like, when you screw something up in a really irreversible way, you 'Schruted' it. I don't know where it comes from though. Do you think it comes from Dwight Schrute? Hey boss. Got a minute? I forget, why did Dwight say he was late this morning? That's weird. Because I was just walking past his desk and I saw this, which is a tollbooth receipt from New York City, stamped really early this morning. So, why would Dwight go to New York without telling anyone? Do you think he went to see Jan? That's not like him. Is it? Someone told me a story about this, with, like, laundry and betrayal. Did you betray Dwight and try to steal his job or something? No, you are remembering it wrong. Dwight's name is on the security sign-in sheet, but I don't know who he met with. And where it asks to state your business, he wrote "Beeswax. Not yours, Inc." Hey, we nailed the sale! I overslept. Damn rooster didn't crow. I am not a liar. Stay out of this, you! Michael, I cannot tell you what I was doing there. But you have to trust me, I would never do anything to hurt you or this company. That's what she said. I would like to give the rest of my belongings to Michael Scott. Just take them. Except this. I miss Dwight. Congratulations, universe. You win. The cost of doing business. Was the top salesman... [chuckles] Addition by subtraction. Mmmm. Yeah you're right. Hey, boss. Noooothin'. Ehrrrrrrrrr. Heh. Man. TGI-Wednesday. Am I right? Gonna go home. Get my beer on. Get my "Lost" on. What are you doing later, wanna hang out? Well, I will take that as a maybe. [Michael gets up] Where are you going? [scoffs] Child's play. Give me something hard to sell. Do you want me to ask the cleaning crew if they stopped watering it? Oh, that wasn't the night crew. That was Dwight. Feel ya, dawg. Absolutely. You said... [makes gibberish noises] Which is like, "Right on." And Pam was like "blah blah blah" and you were like "Yeah, psht." Nailed it. I really have no preference. We don't even have to have a party. Michael -- Why don't you have me riding in on a donkey into the office like Pepe. Fine. Party pooper. Yeah, me too. Sort of. He had a lot of clients. Oh, sure, we talk all the time. No. [takes the phone] Hmm. I wanted to let you know that Dwight was late that morning because he was driving to New York to drop off the correlated documents that I forgot to send. Though to be fair, Kevin never reminded me. Yes. None of them. Especially not Andy. Wait up. Where are you going? Do you want me to come with? Just listen, I forgot to tell you the plan for this Saturday. You, me, bars, beers, buzzed. Wings. sh*ts. Drunk. Waitresses, hot. Football - Cornell/Hofstra. Slaughter. Then a quick nap at my place and we'll h*t the tiz-own. Duh. Which is why I was just joking about doing that. [to customer] Well, that question is meaningless. Just go with the copy paper. It's your funeral. See how that works out for you. Hey. Same old. Oh my God, she told you? Accepted. [scoffs] The boss isn't funny. I don't get to wear my ties. So? I don't want to do your laundry anymore. Actually, yeah. I didn't think I would, but turns out -- [Angela walks away] it's great. Thank you. You did this for me? [camera pans to "Welcome Back Oscar" sign] Well, draw me a map, mama. No, I will not. It reminds me a lot of the 'Three Amigos' with Steve Martin and Chevy Chase. [long pause and then he sighs and nods] Yes. Oh, man. [Kevin starts to put a blindfold on] No, no, no. I don't need it. Get out! [beats up pinata] How do you know it's going to be a boy? How, would you stop interrupting please? Yesterday I was scraping some g*n off my wall sockets with a metal fork and I gave myself the nastiest shock. And when I came to, I had an epiphery. Life is precious. And if I die I want my son to know the dealio. The dealio of life. Here are some things that I want to teach you that your mother won't be able to. [Shakes head] What? No. No. [Leaves] Come on. Ow. Well you get the picture. Thanks Pam. What if he's a m*rder? Maybe that's how you die. I want to do this. Action. Prima nocta, I believe from the movie Braveheart, and confirmed on wikipedia, is when the king got to deflower every new bride on her wedding night. So... I'm sorry. I had a very different understanding as to what prima nocta meant. I'm trying to get everyone excited about Phyllis' wedding because I want her to get people excited about my wedding when the time comes. Which won't be hard, because it's going to be awesome. A lot better than hers, that's for sure. It'll probably be on a boat. Nothing. You know this is a luncheon shower. Girls only. Either this chick is a dude or Halpert got scared straight! What happened? Quick somebody help! Help the man! [Pretends to kick Michael] No, no, no! I have a full day of sales calls. [Breaks pencil.] And what kind of stripper did you get? You didn't order a stripper? Have you ever even been to a bachelor party? Mike, okay, a stripper is bachelor party 101. If you don't get a stripper your party is going to suck it hard. Just get one for the girls too. That evens it out. You know, separate but equal. So that's what that means. Alright! Uh! [Spanks himself] What? Yeah. Don't fall asleep at your desk. [Turning towards the vending machine] Oh my God. I'm on it. Nice. Do you have any blonde women? He hasn't even said a word yet. Just giggling. Are you okay? Ah, gotcha. Okay, so they have Albert Einstein, Ben Franklin, or Sponge Bob Squarepants. Yep, Spongebob Squarepants. Hold the door please! Thank you. Hello! [Spits champagne back into her glass] Thank you for that introduction, Mr. Scott, and good afternoon fine gentlewomen of Dunder Mifflin. Knickers in fact, yes! Well, actually, I never was president. Ah. I'm here to teach you a little bit about my life and the era of the founding fathers. Wait, this is the entertainment? Uh, well that is a grey area of my life. Okay? So, it was a warm June evening. Is this the same grill you grilled your foot on? Oh gross. Well, you're very saucy! [Winks at Pam.] Michael, Dwight would like your man meat. Okay. The game is no limit deuce to seven lowball. Lines twenty five fifty, nickels are worth ten, dimes twenty-five, and quarters fifty. Nothing wild. Michael. Hi guys! h*t it. [Feel Like Makin' Love plays in background] So where's the groom? Absolutely not. That's all you. That's all you. Just sit on down. Alright. Here we go. Yeah! Mmm, what's that? I bet she'd be jealous. [Rips off shirt] Ohhh. You know Michael, I fathered an illegitimate son. But I kept all this from my wife Deborah. These things only serve to upset the women. They are the gentler sex. Well, Ben Franklin, you're really kind of a sleezebag. Secrets, secrets are no fun. Secrets, secrets hurt someone. [On speaker phone] Michael, I left a meeting. What is so urgent? Are you, are you okay? Okay. Uh when, when did, when last night? You went to a bachelor party at work? Thanks. I'm closer to f*ring you. I'll talk to you later. You are. You are. I don't know. My mouth tastes so bad all of a sudden. [nasty, dry mouth-smaking noise] Okay, for this next one everyone hop out. Just Phyllis and Dad. Actually, let's bring Mom back in. And the sisters. And you, and you, and you. Great. Also, Pam and Roy. Thanks, Michael. That's sweet. Same as when you said it outside. Yes, very. No. That wasn't me. I thought it was... Michael... No. I don't need your... thank you. No, Michael please... I just need some time alone. Okay. You might be surprised to learn that I've only been to one other wedding. It's actually a very cute story. My Mom was marrying Jeff. And they asked me to be ring bearer. I was understandably emotional and somehow my pants became wet. [in video of Michael as a kid] I hate you! I lookreallygood in white. That's my dress. [generalized clapping] This is bull****! Me walking Phyllis down the aisle was supposed to be the highlight of the wedding. And now... the wedding has no highlight. I do. And do you, Bob... You may now kiss the bride. Thanks Angela. If you ever lay I finger on Phyllis, I'll k*ll you. Oh! It's beautiful. Why don't you find your seat. Enjoy the buffet. It's fish. I will take care of that. Cheers. Thank you, Randy. That was great. Thank you. Thank you very much. Hi, I'm Michael Scott and for the next forty minutes, I'm going to be your tour guide through the lives of Phyllis Lapin and Bob Vance. One of the great, seemingly impossible, love stories of our time. My name is Michael Scott. Webster's Dictionary defines "wedding" as the fusing of two metals with a hot torch. Well, you know something. I think you guys are two metals. Gold medals. For those of you who don't know me, I'm Michael Scott, Phyllis' boss. To quote from The Princess Bride "Mawige... The most important part of a speech is the opening line. When time is not a factor, I like to try out three or four different ones. Oh okay. That's enough. Thanks, Michael. Give me... Give me the microphone. Give me... Give me the microphone, Michael. You're out of here! Hypothetically, if I thought Pam was interested, then... No, it's totally hypothetical. I can't let you in, Michael. No, it's Bob and Phyllis' orders. You are a real life wedding crasher and I must bounce you. I'm sorry, it gives me no pleasure. I know. Uh... I gave them twenty bucks. You want to dance? Toby! Yeah! Phyllis and you will be great together. The Celtics were a great team. Nobody ever helped me. I had to do it myself. Even the doctor didn't know! Dude, keep it together. I listened to you for half an hour even though most of that stuff went right over my head. You found Uncle Al! Thank you, Michael. You're... You're welcome. They say that your wedding day goes by in such a flash that your lucky if you even get a piece of your own cake. I say that's crazy. I say let them eat cake. Margaret Thatcher said that about marriage. Smart broad. My tire blew out on the way here, Michael. I almost d*ed. I... I went into this skid--- ...What? I almost d*ed. You will be a guest speaker... in my Emerging Enterprises class. If you bring your boss to class, it automatically bumps you up a full letter grade. So... I'd be stupidnotto do it, right? A boss is like a teacher. And I am like the cool teacher. Like Mr. Handell. Mr. Handell would hang out with us, and he would tell us awesome jokes. And he actually hooked up with one of the students. Um... and then like twelve other kids came forward. It was in all the papers. ... Really ruined eighth grade for us. Whenever I'm about to do something, I think, "Would an idiot do that?" And if they would, I do not do that thing. What? Y-You understand nobody's graduating. ...It doesn't apply. Quit it! ...Oh... yeah. Definitely... I'll be there. For sure. [on ground] ... Please don't let that stupid thing near me... ...Dunder-Mifflin can't compete with the modern chains, and management is unwilling, or unable, to adapt. Their customers are dying off... And now, without further ado, I present the regional manager of Dunder Mifflin, Scranton, Michael Scott. If a vampire bat was in the U.S., it would make sense for it to come to a "sylvania." Like PENN-sylvania. Now that doesn't mean that Jim is going to become a vampire. Only that he carries the vampiric germ. Well, it's important to support local art, you know. And what they do is not art. Michael. What we normally do here is more of a question and answer thing. Sir, as a company that primary distributes paper, how have you adapted your business model to function in an increasingly paperless world? What do you say to a customer who wants to leave you for the convenience and savings of a nationwide chain? Has anyone ever come back? How far has your Herfindahl index declined since the merger? ...What? By your own employee's calculation you'll be obsolete in the next five to ten years. [locks bat in break room] I... am a hero! But how can you compete against a company with the resources of a nationwide chain? But there's five Goliaths, there's... Staples, Officemax... But in the big picture... ...It wasn't personal. Pack my--? Look, I'm sorry, okay? I was just trying to do my presentation, and... of course, I was wrong to suggest that Dunder-Mifflin might ever go out of business. But you don't have to f*re me. To the annex? Where... Kelly is? Thanks for coming. Oh, Michael. Yep. What do you mean? Um... you wanna buy it? Uh-huh. [hugs Michael] ... Thank you. Do you have something in your pocket? No thank you. Okay. Yes. But this [pulls at straight jacket] seems to be... And now, the chains. A lot of people think that magic camp is just for kids. And that's why so many other people in my class were kids. Self fulfilling prophecy. It's um, it's really for anybody with a dream and a belief in magic and a little extra time after school. I know how. Dislocate his shoulder and slip his arm out from underneath. Sorry, quick thing. Is it true that if you can't get out, you don't want anyone to help you? So we shouldn't help you, no matter how much you might beg and plead? No. Alright, this is getting hot. So let's just do this. Ok, ready? Three, two, one, go. [Michael spits out key, Jim covers it with his foot.] Is everything ok, Michael? Yes. I cannot tell you how I plan to escape. Other than by using magic. That is the magician's code. Separately, on an unrelated note, if you happen to find a small brass key... [trumpet sounds] It's early bird gets the worm. Let me smell. [Michael breathes at Dwight] Good, not great. "Michael, you go to parties all the time, why is tonight so special?" Well, tonight is so special because my boss's boss's boss, the CFO, not his initials, common mistake, is having a little shindig for all the managers in the company. And Jan and I are going as a couple. For the first time. So it's kind of our coming out party. Really. And that is why tonight is so special. Oh no thanks, I think Karen and I will take my car. Yeah. Thanks. Oh. Um. I think we're good. Thanks for inviting me along. Michael? Hi. Let's just blow this party off. Am I on speaker phone? Hi, Dwight. Ok, Michael, take me off speaker phone. Ok. Let's just go to a motel... ...and just like rip into each other like we did on that black sand beach in Jamaica. Still on speaker? Are camera's there? See you soon. Talk to you later, Jan. I have decided that I'm going to be more honest. I'm going to tell people what I want. Directly. So, look out world, cause ol' Pammy is getting what she wants. And, don't call me Pammy. Salad. You dressed exactly like the servants. Wait. I don't think yours will fit me. That would have been really embarrassing. Crisis averted. Oscar. Angela. Hi. Actually, it's polite to arrive early. And smart. Only really good friends show up early. Ergo de facto. Go to a party really early. Become a really good friend. It's from both of us. Wonderful, let's, ah, see where we can put this. Ok. Oh, you probably want to leave the cover on until the guests get here. Oh, you know that line on the top of the shrimp? That's feces. I'm sure that it's catered. I need you to sign these, Michael. It's a waver of some of your rights. You should read it carefully. It releases the company in the event that our relationship, in your opinion or in reality, interferes with work. You get a copy, I get a copy, and a third copy goes to HR. You realize this is a legal document that says you can't sue the company. I've never told you that I love you. What's this over the "i"? Why is this so hard? That's what she said. Oh my God. What am I saying? Hello Michael. From the Scranton Branch. Excuse me. So did the merger go smoothly, or? I'm the only one left. Everyone else was either fired or quit. And there is one in Anger Management. Can I get anyone anything, or? Martini please. Does that include the garage? It's a common question. This was a gift from Lee Iacocca. Twenty year old, single malt scotch. You ok? Sure. No, it was before I knew you so, its fine. It's nice. I, Michael, I think David probably wants to spend Christmas here with his family. Oh. I'm sorry. You're just going to have to excuse us for just a couple minutes. Sorry. Michael, come here. Just, just, just, just. [kisses Michael] Don't you know what I'm doing? Shut up. Come on. What? Just let me loosen my dress. Michael. Slam me up against the wall, right here. Oh, please. Did you get a chance to try Michael's homemade potato salad? Damn jet skis! I feel sick. No, we were good when we were just running around, you know, in secret. It was wrong and it was exciting. Maybe it was a mistake to take it public. Please don't cry. It was never a love contract, Michael and besides, I have already given a copy to David and it would be just as embarrassing to get it back as I was handing it to him. I didn't mean it. I was... Tired. I'm tired. And I didn't eat enough. And, and, that's all. That was it. That's all. I didn't mean it. That's all. I'm just saying I didn't mean it. Everyday, for eight years, I have brought pepper spray into this office to protect myself and my fellow employees. And everyday, for eight years, people have laughed at me. Well, who's laughing now? [Dwight blinks and winces in pain from the pepper spray] Michael, last Friday one of your employees att*cked another employee in your office! [sigh] Is Toby there? Yeah, um, but now apparently Darryl has some issue with his... All right, well are you gonna take care of this? What did I tell you about "yeppers?" I told you not to say it. Do you remember that? [flustered] Well... good for Dwight. Where'd you get that? Wikipedia. Wikipedia... is the best thing ever. Anyone in the world can write anything they want about any subject, so you know you are getting the best possible information. Hey, Mike. Since Roy left I've been doing a lot more work, and I need a raise. I can't hear you. Still nothin'. No. Nice. Okay. And what happens in this one? Okay. Can I have a raise? [softly] Sex, Steve Martin, Terri Hatcher. What? I didn't say anything. I was waiting to see what happened. I don't think Michael intended to punish me, by putting Ryan back here with Kelly. But, if he did intend that? Wow. Genius. You ready for me? Cool. Okay. No, you know what? Let's stay here. No let's go... Yeah let's go to the conference room. Tactic number six. Change the location of the meeting at the last second. Totally throws 'em off. Number 14, declining to speak first. Makes them feel uncomfortable, puts you in control. Okay, I'll start. It's pretty simple really. I uh, I think I deserve a raise. I'm scheduled to get one in six months, but I'd like that to be moved up to now. Are you wearin' lady clothes? Are you wearin' lady clothes? Those look like lady... pants. That there's a woman's suit. I'ma call Roy, man. This is gonna make him feel better. This is too good. You're wearing a woman's suit? No, I do, I, I wear men's suits, OK? I got this out of a bin. Who makes it? Look, it's got shoulderpads, and did you see that lining? Did you see... So, none of that tipped you off? Michael, the pants don't have any pockets. [Laughing, covering her mouth] Hey, maybe you want to come over and raid my closet? Yeah, he look like Hillary Clinton. Okay, can you just stand right there? [snaps camera phone picture] I gotta send some e-mails. When I heard Jim and Pam had kissed, my reaction was to have lots of long talks with Jim about our feelings. Roy just att*cked him. I'm not sure which one Jim hated more. Well, it's simple Mike. I mean we merged these two branches right? So now we're shipping twice as many orders as we used to. With Roy gone we got a smaller crew. And I'm pickin' up all of his slack, so I think I should be compensated fairly, by gettin' a raise. What? I can't hear you. I can't--- what, Mike? Are you--- Oh, yeah. Don't worry about it. Why can't I just... tell you? There you go. I am serious, Mike. That's a 10% raise. That's what I want. Come on, be for real Mike. [laughs] Are you serious? You're earning this? Mike, this is barely more than I make. You been here ten years, dog. [laughs] Ho-ho! Oh, I'm sorry Mike, some of my folks got to hear about this one. [texting on cell phone] Ah. [laughs] Ok, let's take 15, again. Michael, here's the, uh, $15 I owe you. Here's the $40 you gave me. [on cell phone] Fourteen years. Fourteen. I know. [laughing] Ok, alright. I gotta go. Later. [hangs up] What? That's 'cause of you, Mike. They're not gonna give the workin' man more than the boss. Get your own raise. You gotta get out there and earn, son. Well, when they merged the two branches together, they putyouin charge. Okay, and we're shippin' more now than we ever have. Yeah that's true. You gotta call your girl, and get paid. Show her who wears the pants in the relationship. Yeah, you should. Fourteen years long. Make it happen, cap'in. Why don't we talk next month, after the quarter ends? Today. All right, well, uh, if you want to do it today, we should meet in person, and uh, can you get here by five? Great. Uh, and listen. Because of our, uh, our... you know, situation, we're gonna need to have a third party present. Da--- Darryl from the warehouse? No, Michael. We, we need an HR rep. So, uh, I think you should just bring Toby. Michael, he's your branch's HR rep... ...and we need someone else, in the room, because of our relationship. You know this. Michael, either Toby comes with you, or we don't do it. No, I said your idea was stupid. Where? Comfortable, Mike? No. Thank you. I haven't been to New York in a long time. Oh you could stay too. He's got a big place. Mm, it's not that big. Busses, though. They get you home quick. Okay, bring it home now. And don't forget the new black man phrase I taught you. Thank you, Hunter. [to Michael and Toby] Hello. Come in. [exhales] Ah, Okay. That's my new assistant. I have to call you the second I get a new assistant? Hi, Toby. [clears throat] First--- [Michael clears his throat] First off, Michael, this is a salary negotiation. All matters regarding our personal relationship have to be set aside. Are we clear? Right now we can offer you a 6% raise. Oh, God. Michael--- Michael--- [under his breath] Didn't think you'd notice... Okay, Michael. Please, why don't we just take a break. This is really going nowhere. What's wrong with you? Okay, Michael. I can offer you a 12% raise, but you have got to ask for 15. No, just... I just need you to ask for it, so I can record that you asked for it. Okay? No. But we can offer you 12. But you just said 15. Damn you. Now, this is the forklift. You need--- [Michael rattles it] You need a license to operate this machine. That means the upstairs office workerscan'tdrive it. ... Quiz! Mike. Should you drive the forklift? It's not safe, you don't have a license. Madge. No, it's always been Madge. Her. Yes, "her" is qualified to work a dangerous machine. You are not. Okay? Do you understand that? We do safety training every year, or after an accident. ... We've never made it a full year. This particular time, I was reaching for a supply box on the top shelf, when one office worker, who shall remain nameless, kicked the ladder out from under me and yelled... How many people a year do you think get their arms cut off in a baler? These are very dangerous machines down here, and the upstairs workers,Michael, should not go anywhere near them. What thehellis wrong with this man? Don't disrespect the baler! No do not touch it! There is no occasion for you to go near this stuff, okay? Ok, um, one thing that you're gonna want to look out for is carpal tunnel syndrome. It's recommended that you take a ten minute break from typing every hour. For your circulation, you're gonna want to get up out of your chairs and uh, and move around about ten minutes every hour. Um, yeah. You're computer screen can be a big strain on your eyes, so uh, it's also recommended that you step away for about... about ten minutes every hour. Take them at the same time. You know, anything that warms you. Yeah, that dim light is a b*tch, ain't it? Actually, you did. Sedentary. That's called having a fat butt, Michael. Yeah, yeah. That's, that's fat butt disease. That's what you suffer from? Alright, we outta here. That's what I've been trying to tell you, Mike. It's serious down there. We do dangerous stuff, man. This is shenanigans, foolishness, Nerf-ball. You live a sweet, little, Nerf-y life. Sittin' on your biscuit. Never havin' to risk it. Okay. ... What, Nerf isn't cool anymore? Okay. I don't understand the question. Yeah... It's really hard to demonstrate depression. Their safety training had visuals. So, you're okay? Indubitably. Idiots! God, what are we gonna do!? Wolves. Visual A*DS. No time to sew a quilt. ... I got it. Give me the number for the Giant Big Box Toy Store. [on the roof] Okay, let's do this thing! I'll go summon the troops! We measured it once... Seedless? Ready? [drops watermelon, watermelon bounces off trampoline, onto a car, bursts, car alarm sounds] Okay. Got it. We're not allowed to use the baler. Oh yeah, this is much better. Safer. Excellent decision. When you land, try and land like an eight year-old. These bouncy castles are not designed for adults. Do you wanna do another test? I got plenty of watermelons in my trunk! That's right! Doing! Totally doing! It's rock n' roll! Yeah! [imitating the sound and playing an air guitar] Near near near near near! [singing] Michael is awesome! Jumpin' off the roof! [singing] Bouncin' on the bouncy bounce! Show 'em who's boss! [singing] Rip a hole in the suuuuuuun! [outside] Come on, hurry up you guys! [on megaphone] Michael, what's wrong?! Depression? Isn't that just a fancy word for feeling bummed out? Is that the last year the data was available? Don't do anything rash! I didn't... [Dwight runs up to the side of the building] I didn't think you needed them for this part. you said to just... Okay, I'm on it! Michael's up on the roof and he's acting strange! Michael! What's wrong? Depressed? Isn't that just a fancy word for feeling bummed out? Well, you know, the first performance was a little off. But I really think they h*t their stride, in the second show. Um, might even bring my parents tomorrow, to the matinee. No, there's nothing to see over there, people! There's nothing to see. ...They found the castle, Michael. Hey Michael! I have a present for you, but you have to come down and get it. Come down and... open it and you'll see. Oh... It's uh, a Repliee Q1 Expo female robot, they're only available in Japan. Mike, this is the opposite of safety. You jump, you're gonna serious hurt yourself. Yeah, but I never said you had nothing to live for. A lot... of things. Uh, you, uh... What about Jan? Lovely, lovely, lovely Jan, man. It's goin' good, right? Mike, you're a very brave man. I mean, it takes courage just tobeyou. To get out of bed every single day, knowing full well, you gotta be you. I couldn't do it. I--- I ain't that strong. And I ain't that brave. Waybraver! You Braveheart, man. Come down, okay? Okay. Pam, I'm coming down to get my present. [on phone] I am upset. Don't I sound upset? [on phone] It is disgusting. I totally agree. Well, we're going to recalling all of that paper. We have a crisis. Apparently, a disgruntled employee at the paper mill decided that it would be funny to put an obscene watermark on our 24 pound cream butter stock. Five hundred boxes has gone out, with the image of a beloved cartoon duck, performing... unspeakable acts upon a certain cartoon mouse that a lot of people like. I've never been a fan. Cri-Man-Squa? F and C, doubletime? One more. Why are you talking like that? Yeah, she has a good point. I mean, for example, with the last thing you said, by the time you explained it, it actually took up more time. Here. Every week I'm supposed to take four hours and do a quality spot-check at the paper mill. And of course the one year I blow it off, this happens. That's really not our job. [getting a pill from the bottle] I don't have a headache. I'm just preparing. Yeah, I gotta call out on that. All right. I'll go. Yeah, I'm definitely gonna go alone. We're having a press conference? Not! [scoffs] Here's the thing. When a company screws up, best thing to do is call a press conference. Alert the media, and then you control the story. Wait for them to find out, and the story controls you. That's what happened to O.J. Oh, did the press ask for a story? No. Hello, I'm looking for Michael Scott. Mrs. Allen is our most important client... because every client is our most important client. Even though she's a pretty unimportant client, really. [snaps picture with his camera phone] You look good in this. Well it isn't ended. I'm... I'm very angry. I--- I could have lost business. I don't accept your apology. The watermark was obscene and horrifying. ...and the company has already apologized, so you can take that apology or not. [hangs up] [to Kelly] I think he had Tourette's or something! Well, it--- it doesn't help, because it already happened to me. May I point out that the sex appeared to be consensual? Both animals were smiling. I grew up on a farm. I have seen animals having sex in every position imaginable. Goat on chicken. Chicken on goat. Couple of chickens doin' a goat, couple of pigs watching. Whoever drew this got it exactly right. I, for starters, I think that you should resign. You're the head--- You're the head of the company! Yes, and that makes it your responsibility--- And so you should lose your job! Fine. It's non-transferable... I'm calling the Better Business Bureau. Everything. It's just the Scranton Times... You know what? I really think the whole thing is just gonna blow over in like a week or two. Michael likes me to run the camera when he makes his apology videos. He says he needs a woman's touch. [Dwight is spraying far too much hairspray into Michael's hair] OK, I think that's good. Uh, you could never withstand a SWAT team. I'm just saying... They would flank you. Throw in a concussion grenade. You would be on the ground, blind, deaf, dumb. Cut. Cut. Cut. Still said it, so... [Kevin and Oscar screw up an air high five] One day for what? OK. Cut. That was your best apology video ever. [whispering] Yeah. [Pam and Ryan whispering] Oh, some guy exposed himself to Phyllis in the parking lot. Yeah, Bob Vance took her for a walk to calm down. What is so funny? I'm guessing not. It's disgusting and demeaning. Hey, what's going on? There's a police car in the... What's going on? I don't think laughing about it is an appropriate response. I don't think the women in this office - I was at a parent-teacher conference. Uh-huh. Prove it. Let's see your penis. [everyone is shocked] [exhales]I... you know, as that was coming out of my mouth, I knew that it was wrong. [on speakerphone] Michael, ... ...come over after work tonight, OK? I miss your body. I'll give you $200. And if I get up before you, I'll leave it on the dresser. $300? Employees of this office are very small and delicate. Deserve protection from local pervs. Better 1,000 innocent men are locked up than one guilty man roam free. Agreed. Let me show you what I've been working on. [lays a folder full of pictures on Michael's desk] There are several penises there I'd love Phyllis to run her eyes over. You know, see if we can catch this pervert. Look at that one. Dwight, are those your pants? That's a Polaroid. [Dwight takes the Polaroid and crumples it in his hand] [reads memo] "Sleeves down to the wrists, buttoned-up collars, and muted colors." Nobody dress like that. [camera pans over to Angela] Look, it's really simple. We just want you guys to treat us with respect. Yes. Did you hear that, Michael? Wait a second, how are you qualified for that? [eating banana] Mm, less than three. Those are collectible action figures and they're worth more than your car. You know what? I am the expert. I will conduct it. I know the crap out of women. Are we still discussing this? I say again, what is the big deal? What a surprise. Alien. Blagh! What you're saying is extremely misogynistic. I'm saying that you're being sexist. Michael. When I got my hair cut short, you asked me if I was a lesbian. And when we get mad, you always ask us if we're on our periods. Can we just get back to work? This is not work talk. Malls are just awful and humiliating. They're just store after store of these horrible salespeople making a big fuss out of an adult shopping in a junior's section. There are petite adults who are sort of... smaller who need to wear... maybe a kids' size 10. More like, "Aye, aye, General." It's a little too tight. I'm gonna find another spot. I figured. It's cool. I don't - I wouldn't want to be in an office relationship anyway. Thank you, Michael. What do you want to dish about? Awesome. Um, awful, I mean. But, uh, sometimes awesome. Oh, it can be fun. It's a pretty common one. Michael, you shouldn't do anything that you're uncomfortable with. Oh, my God. That is not healthy behavior. Michael, you need to get out of this. No, normal women don't do stuff like that. This is bad. [Karen nods and Michael looks like he's about to start crying] Read the pros first. OK, OK. Um, cons. What was the last one? No, the one before that. Michael... you shouldn't be with someone who doesn't make you happy. Look, most relationships have their rough patches. You just have to push through it sometimes. Maybe. But it sounds like you're just wrong for each other. I bet you know. Don't think, just answer. What do you want to do about Jan? My mom taught me that. No one said it has no calories. Oh, hey, guys. I want to do something nice for you, because you did something so nice for me earlier. I want you to go in there. I want you to buy one item on me as a thank-you. [Kelly sprints inside Victoria's Secret] Come on. Get in here. [wearing headphones and speaking loudly] I'm a pretty normal guy. I do one weird thing. I like to go in the women's room for number two. I've been caught several times and I have paid dearly. [in the car] Slower. Slower. Meredith. [Michael's cell phone ringing My Humps] Slow it up. Don't answer it. Michael, you know how to, um -change a wheel, right? Here, uh... Meredith? Why don't you put your hazards on. I think I've got it. I don't think we really need that, Michael. You know, I may have underestimated you. You're not a total ass. [coughs] Good luck, Michael. OK, remember, be strong. Don't leave a - Michael... [clears throat] I was, um... I was really unhappy with our conversation earlier. And I... I just - I couldn't stop thinking about it. So I decided that I would drive down here and apologize to you in person. So... [takes Michael's hand] I'm sorry. So... we're good? [cell phone vibrates] Oh. Hold on, I'm sorry. One second. Oh! It's from you. Uh, you wanna grab some dinner? OK. [voice on phone] "It's me, Michael. I'm just calling to say that I think we need a little break, permanently. And, uh, I know everybody says this, but I want..." Oh. [door closes] OK, where does it hurt? No, that's not how it works. You have to point to a specific part of the body. [reading from screen] "Abdomen. Menses." "The uterus contracts after your egg passes through it." Oh, is it possible you ate food that contained animal waste? Michael? David Wallace is on line one. The CFO? Ohh... OK, everybody out. Out. Out. Out. OK. [on phone] Michael, I am calling--- Jan is out of town right now. Michael? Michael? Michael? I am calling to see if you can come down and interview for a job we have opening in corporate. Week from today. Bring your first quarter stats and your recommendation for who would take over the Scranton Branch. That's not necessary. Yes. Oh I'm excited. Today is Beach Day! And Michael is taking the whole office to the beach. So I'm wearing my bathing suit underneath my shirt [lifts up shirt, definitelynotwearing anything underneath] Oh, yeah... I packed it in my purse. I don't wear a Speedo, Michael. Anybody need sun block? Got SPF 30. It's Beach Day... Yeah, I know. I'm sorry, Toby. We... um... Somebody has to stay here. Thanks Toby. I thought we were just having fun at the beach. We are. We are. But, I would like you to take notes. And I want you to find out about people's character. Not their hotness, per se, but their humor, and their charisma, and the indefinable quality that makes you all glad to follow me. You want me to write down people's indefinable qualities? I have the most boring job in the office, so... why wouldn't I have the most boring job on beach day? [singing] [Angela mouthing the words next to him] And the night got deathly quiet, and his face lost all expression. Said, "If you're gonna play the game, boy, ya gotta learn to play it right." [rest of office joins in at varying times] You got to know when to hold 'em, know when to fold 'em, Know when to walk away and know when to run. You never count your money when you're sittin' at the table. There'll be time enough for countin' when the dealin's done. Oh, sweet mother of God. Excuse me? Yes! Funtivities! I knew it wasn't just a trip to the beach. I hope there will be management parables. Like what? Well... no, I don't... exactly... what? Well write it down before you forget it. That's... You've just been drawing pictures. [sighs] Rrrr. I can't stay mad at you. Everyone put on sunscreen. What? Yes! Choose your tribes. Except for Pam. Not Pam. I choose Michael! OK, temp. Dwight is an obvious candidate for my job. He has the best sales record in the office. He loves the work. He is, however, an idiot. OK, seriously. You really shouldn't be saying that. I don't care what you call my team. No [crosses arms], the blue team. We will be team U.S.A. Very good. Pam, please take a note that Andy is patriotic. I don't really trust him. There's already a twist, you're carrying an egg on a spoon. There's nothing better than a beautiful day at the beach, filled with sun, surf, and uh... diligent note-taking. [holds up notes] [begins to clap] Great job everyone, that was fantastic. [Michael sighs] Does it have to do with these shopping bags filled with hot dogs? When's the contest? How am I supposed to... get... Thanks a bunch. A good manager has got to be hungry. Hungry for success. Can I have a turkey burger? It's very good for you. [overlapping talk from all at table] Is there any mustard? No mustard, no mustard. Just eat it, eat it, Phyllis. Dip it in the water so it'll slide down your gullet more easily. [eating hot dog] What is it? You can't say, or you can't pronounce it? Can we just take those first two things? You're leaving? Do you expect me to believe that you're truly making your recommendations on this basis? I would rather work for an upturned broom with a bucket for a head than work for somebody else in this office besides myself. Game on! One came up. If Michael organizes some kind of group hug, stand next to me. Get 'em big boy! What are you doing? [Andy and Dwight sumo wrestle] Gaaaaa.... Yaaaaa! Yaaaaa! Angela! I think they're even. At various times you gave Jim ten points, Dwight a gold star, and Stanley a thumbs up. And I don't really know how to compare those units. I really doubt it, Michael. I don't! How so? I mean... sure thing, that sounds smart... I can't do this anymore! I'm goin' to sit in the bus. Your loss, Stanley. Meanwhile the rest of us will have a super fun time defeating our fear and creating a lasting memory. Walking through f*re! I'm gonna do it. And I fully expect to burn my feet and go to the hospital. That's the right spirit when doing a coal walk, right? I'd like to try it. But I'm not kidding. I really want to do it. Nope. Oh, 'cause I don't want my feet to get b*rned. That's harsh. Why don't you go Michael? And that is not the same at all. If you're going to ask other people to do it, you should do it yourself. Do you want us to count to three? Three. Two. One. One. Two. Three! Go! Do it! Go, Michael. On the go that's after three. No! It's okay. I will do this Michael. [standing still, on the coals] GIVE ME THE JOB! GIVE ME THE JOB! Aggggh, that stings! Or Mrs. "Outside Hire." Who's Bob Hope? Oh, like Amanda Bynes. She's from "What a Girl Wants." Hey, I know what you're looking for, but um, I got to be honest, I really don't think I should be considered as your replacement. Michael, on Thursday I'm going to drive down and interview with David for the open position in New York. [finishes story] I mean truly repulsive acts. [runs over after walking over f*re coals] Hey! I want to say something. I've been trying to be more honest lately and I just need to say a few things. I did the coal walk! Just, I did it! Michael, you couldn't even do that. Maybe I should be your boss? Wow, I feel really good right now. Why didn't any of you come to my art show? I invited all of you. That really sucked. It's like sometimes some of you act like I don't even exist. [turns and looks directly at Jim] Jim, I called off my wedding because of you. And now we're not even friends. And things are just like weird between us, and that sucks. And I miss you. You were my best friend before you went to Stamford, and I really miss you. I shouldn't have been with Roy. And there were a lot of reasons to call off my wedding. But the truth is, I didn't care about any of those reasons until I met you. And now you're with someone else. And that's... fine. It's... whatever. That's not what... I'm not... Okay, my feet really hurt. The thing that I'm just trying to say to you, Jim... and to everyone else in this circle I guess, is that I miss having fun with you. Just you, not everyone in the circle. Okay, I am going to go walk in the water now. Yeah. It's a good day. Flintstones, meet the Flintstones. They're a modern stone-age family. Ba-ba-da-da-da. From the town of Bedrock, they're a page right out of history. Ba-da-da-da-da. [overlapping singing of the wrong verses] When you're with the Flintstones, have a yabba-dabba-doo time, a dabba-doo time, we'll have a gay old time! [confused] Oh, Michael? Isn't our interview tomorrow? You happened to be in mid-town Mahattan? In the middle of a work day? Okay. We're only interviewing the branch managers and some other upper level company people. I don't think so. I believe we put you in charge. Okay, Michael. I'm really looking forward to our interview. And I'm really looking forward to working with you. After I had my little outburst at the beach, Jim was really nice about it. He just basically said that he missed my friendship too and I would always mean a lot to him and I understand where he's coming from. For the record, I am not embarassed at all. It needed to be said, and I said it, and it only took me three years to summons the courage, so [quietly, and mock bowing] thank you. You wanted to see me? But that's my name. [opens letter and reads] Dwight, congratuations a-wipe. Don't screw the pooch. [begins to cry] Thank you. [cries harder] Thank you, Michael. [sobbing, holding letter to chest] Thank you so much. [sobbing] Thank you. So I was wondering if Karen and I could get off a few hours early 'cause we want to spend the night in the city. Whoops. Heh. Ah, we're gonna go tonight, but we're gonna see you there tomorrow morning, right? All right. Wait, how would you moon us if you were driving? Last year Creed asked me how to set up a blog. Wanting to protect the world from being exposed to Creed's brain I opened up a Word document on his computer and put an address at the top. I've read some of it. Even for the intranet it's... pretty shocking. Do you think it's gonna to be weird working with Jan in New York? Maybe you should talk to her? Before... I'm sorry, that just doesn't make sense. Yeah, Michael you should never sell your condo... You're not sure that you have the job. Yes you will. [walks through front door] Michael. Uh, how are you? I'm great. Uh, can we, can we talk... privately... for a minute? I just, [quietly] I uh... I don't uh... I, I don't, I don't like the way that we left things. Okay. Okay. What do you want me to do? What about Meredith? No. She's an alternate. Been good. Good. Sorry to drop by unexpectedly. I uh, I tried calling, but I kept getting voice mail. After you ended... everything with us, I went on a vacation. To kinda clear my mind. It was. Yeah, it was good. [laughs] I think I'll just get right to the point, you know? Um, I, I feel good about myself for the first time in a really long time. I've made some big changes in my life and... I miss you. I want us to get back together. Ohh... [Michael leaves and walks into conference room] What are you gonna do? Do you want to get back together with her? Just don't get back together with her. How can she make you get back together with her? This was a terrible relationship. You were not happy when you were with her. You're so much happier now. Just go in there and be strong. Right. Do it. I'm in a very good place right now. Thank you. [walks back into office with Jan] Okay. [clears throat] Jan, we need to talk. [Jan turns revealing that she has had her breasts enlarged] So... [exhales] there are a lot of things that I would like to do differently. I feel like, when we first got together, that I had a problem with my priorities. And if we could talk about a way to approach a possible reconciliation... Let's get back together. [Jan smiles and laughs] 'Cause I'm going to get the job. Thanks. Oh, okay. Well, I um, I have to get back, but I will see you in New York tomorrow, right? Good luck with your interview. [whispers] Bye. What happened? Your advice was good, but Jan's was bigger. I think you'll really enjoy this, adult Jim. Yeah, I do. C'mon. [they hold hands and cross street] Uh, no, we're good. Thanks. [points at bearded man] Who's that? Beardy? I'm gonna introduce myself. No, no, no, just... that's not his real name. That's just what I call him, so... Three months ago, I was nowhere. I was just a Cornell grad, in anger management. Look where I am now. Not bad. [washing out Michael's mug] Uh, administrative assistant. I think she's comin' in... later. Sure. Okay. I learned from Jim, if Dwight ever asks you to accept something secret... you reply, "Absolutely, I do." Michael, good to see you! Oh, great. I've been meaning to thank you by the way. You didn't lose a single customer during the merger, and you still managed to trim the budget? That is nice work. [Michael smiles] So, let me ask you a question right off the bat. What do you think are your greatest strengths as a manager? Okay. And your strengths? Oh. Yes. Very good. What do you think we could be doing better? Okay! Thanks for comin' in, Michael. It is always a treat when our paths cross. You're back together. Okay, uh. Well, I thought it was clear in the description, the position... the job you're applying for... is Jan's job. Hey you! How was your interview? Yeah? Oh. [they kiss] I'll put in a good word for you. What? What's... what's the matter? What... what happened in there? [opens up her overcoat] Is it because of these? The time has come for you to end your professional relationship with this company. You are clearly unstable. Yeah! Okay, you know what? I'm just not leaving. I'm not leaving. Not leaving. Don't let them change you, okay? [Jan drops several items, Michael and Hunter help pick them up, she starts to walk out the door] So long, [censored]. Actually, Michael, I think we're gonna take it in another direction. No, we're not giving you the job. I do. Yes. Oh, God! I mean, I just don't understand! It's justsorude, you know? I mean, the absolute nerve of that guy! Oh, just... No, actually I think it's good, you know? It's fine, actually, I do. I really think it's great that it happened. Because, you know, my work has always been the thing that has gotten in the way of my happiness, so... [laughs] [sobbing] Oh, I know, I know. It's just... I'm sorry. It's just these painkillers that I started taking since the surgery. Ohhh! They make my moods totally unpredictable! Wow! What am I gonna do? 15. [laughs] It could work. This could work, really! How'd it go? No. No, Pam. I'm baaaaaack! For gooood! Kevin Nealon. To intimidate my subordinates. It was Andy's idea. I don't do that stuff anymore. No, it's for me, bimbo. Kids. Did... Karen get the job?