Am I angry that Gabe stole my girlfriend over the summer? No. I've been through anger-management, OK? So right now, I am sitting on a nice beach at Cape Cod, gazing out across the whitecaps. Oh, look, it's a humpback whale. How pretty. He's eating Gabe. [Jim quietly takes Dwight's keychain and starts adding keys to it, Pam giggles] Hey, what's so funny over here? Ha. Very nice. Give me my keys. [removes keys and throws them at Jim] Ha. Ha. Not. Funny. Jim. Oh, no. Don't worry about it. I was just gonna put a couple keys on it every day until Christmas. Then his pants would have fallen down, which was a little gift to me, but... Well, it would have been. So unprofessional, Mrs. Halpert. Don't bother Luke. Wait, soy ice cream? Did you get real ice cream? Clutch cream run, bro. You really think you can make it up to me with food? I don't know. That usually works. Oh, yeah. This'll be easy. So just, like, rearrange the buttons and stuff. Yeah. Let me take a look at the circus board. Hey, did you SMS text message me? [as elevator doors won't shut] Okay, that's weird. Just hitting "door closed." What? Is this elevator going up? Hey, the elevator is disobeying us! [elevator stops between floors] Okay, okay. We are stuck. We are stuck. Hank, Hank! Can you hear us? Oh, my God. Okay. Emergency protocol. Pam, try and pry open those front doors, immediately. Use your talons! Pry 'em open! [starts to urinate in elevator corner] Well, don't look, freak! I've got 56 ounces of fluid in my bladder! And we have to establish a pee corner! Pam? I did not do this. This is impressive. Do they call you that? Come on, give me your hand. I'll help you down. Oh! Of course there is. Hey, Chinese tonight? Pretty good. You must be almost out of water. Wow. Late every day this week. Welcome children. Oh no. I like to think of it as a kids place. Would you like a tour? Oh... lets take the tour Pam. Jim! To you and me, maybe, but, come on! To a child's imagination that's Mr. Fork and Lieutenant Kn*fe and... Ms. Fork. I'm glad Michael is getting help. He as a lot of issues, and he's stupid. Pam? Everything is going to be ok. You're good... you're good at sales. Ok, Dwight. We can't do that. So why don't you just tell us what happened? You guys know me. You know that I'm not one for fancy things, but there was this one thing. It was in a fancy store. And it caught the corner of my eye when I took Mose down to the Mall to get his blood pressure at the Rite-Aid. And I thought, you know, maybe I deserve this. You know, I had a great crop yield this fall... Is one of you the office administrator? Can I show you a few samples? Oh, we're not interested. We're not interested at all. Office Administrator. So when did this happen? Yeah, totally. Well, congrats! Totally, that's great. Great. $50,000? The glasses are a little... [Dwight drops glasses to the floor, stomps on them] Oh. Yeah. Right, of course! Thank you so much. Oh boy. Can you get every department head's signature on this so I can back this up to corporate? You'll do. . . ok. Filled out. Good. Thank you doctor. Take two of these [giving Toby two middle fingers] and call me in the morning. Hey Michael, um... about three months ago, I was talking to... [Michael grabs form and signs it without reading.] I saw a TLC show on Kate Walsh's home office. All corkboard. Right in here? I'm back! Ha ha. Pam, perfect. I was hoping to talk to the office administrator about a little office administration problem. The problem, unfortunately, is about the office administrator. I have gone through everything for the past three years. There is nothing that says you are the office administrator. At all. Pam, I don't want to accuse you of anything. I just want everything to be back the way it's supposed to be. Can you just admit... admit... I don't want to say it. Mm-hmm. Statements of such nature, while they have their place, are overused in a competitive business environment. Will do... Can I get one of those name plates... that says Gabe Lewis? Nope. I'll get it right away. Jim, Pam, you guys are in, right? My parents used to scramble to find babysitters so they could take my younger brother to do stuff. I understand how hard it can be. I just-tonight, if you could... Really? Oh my gosh, that would be amazing. Let's go. Everything's fine. Fogg's Asylum , why not? [balloon pops, Kelly screams and baby starts crying] Okay, I think everybody just needs to relax. Okay, this was pretty simple- [overlapping with Pam] Really, all you had to do was play with her for, like, 30 minutes and then put her to bed. Oh, no, why would I take her to the hospital? Okay. Alright, bye Cece. Alright, well, we're never leaving the house again. [attempting to move car seat] It's like The Hurt Locker! No, it was not a disaster. It was weird, but it wasn't a disaster. I think we have, like, a gift bottle of Irish cream. We could put that in orange juice. Yeah? Is that a blow torch?! Interesting choice... Very very smart. You mean cancer? What? No! Wait, no. Definitely not cancer. What? Just admit that your baby was a mistake. I'm sure they don't regret having their child, let's move it to the pros.Jim and I just thought I'd bring it up in case someone in here was practicing abstinence. That's all. Anybody? I love cycling. Andy, I feel like a tourist in my own city. I literally can't wait to wake up every morning. I'm on Sheryl Crow's side in that whole thing, so I feel really weird right now. Yeah! [crashes into Jim and Pam's parked car] Oh, my god! Tell 'em. What? He never called you? I thought you said it just fizzled. Yeah, I thought you started it. I will see you in ten. Bye! Hold tight. [hangs up] Well, I know a lot of you thought that my sales days were behind me, and to be honest, so did I...and the only reason I got out of the sales game was to be reluctantly called back in. [laughing] No, I don't have time for this. Are you kidding me? But do you think it could be famous? Like in a car commercial or something?  A lot of people are really getting into Halloween this year! [puts head down over fake b*mb made from cardboard, high pitched voice] Six seconds, MacGruber! [lifts head] Pam's got a lot of fun stuff planned! [puts head down, high pitched voice] Uh, two seconds MacGruber! [lifts head] Including a... costume contest, and bobbing for apples, and a Ouija board... OHHH! BOOM! OHH expl*si*n! [throws fake b*mb, takes off sunglasses, points to camera] MACGRUBERRRR! To my chickens I'm the Scranton Strangler. [looks at Pam] Oh-ho! That's very funny. Looks like someone decided to dress up as old Dwight Schrute's mom. You're only one third as beautiful and only half her height. So four years ago, when I was in Stamford, Connecticut, and dating someone else, Pam went on two dates with Danny. Which was obviously the greatest love story ever told, given how much people are walking on eggshells around us. That's right. Yikes. Oh, no. Let me put my shoes on. [hangs up phone, dial tone] Look, I'm just glad we can laugh about it. Because I was a little nervous about coming to work here, with, you know, our history. No! Two or three dates. Was it two? I thought it was three. [laughing] Well, that does not sound like me. [stops laughing] Well, great, I just wanted to make sure that things weren't weird. Yeah, I uh, heard you say it to Phyllis. That's a good line. Still don't know who I am? I'll give you a hint. I go over other people's heads. What's a bad idea? I present to you the [finger quotes] rational consumer, as it were. Two! I got two. I ate two whole apples. Hey. She had a nice time. It seems rude. Hey, man. To be honest, I still can't believe he didn't call her back. Who doesn't call a dork like that back? [holding Cece] Spinach in a can. Power eat spinach. [Popeye sound] Aww, my hero! [under his breath] Um... kay. Uh, alright. Di-Did you say vampire? Uh-huh. Right. And ruin their cloaks? Do you have any idea how expensive wool is in Transylvania? [looks at camera] 'Cause of the euro. [rolls his eyes and shakes his head] Uh... The worst thing you can do for your immune system is to coddle it. They need to fight their own battles. If Sabre really cared about our well-being, they would set up hand de-sanitizing stations. A simple bowl at every juncture filled with dirt, vomit, fecal matter... Jim. Pam. [gasps, speaks in baby voice] And the precious bundle of God's gift to everything. [back to her normal voice] I wish you both a pleasant day. [baby voice] And you too. Yes. Praise God. Ok. Big day. [in an old man mobster voice] Hey. Hey. I got an offer that you can't refuse. Scooch over. Scooch. Before I sh**t you in the head. Yeah. [normal voice] I'm not the godfather. [clears his throat] So who is the godfather? Okay. Old friend, like, you've known him since kindergarten? No, I have plenty of friends, so... all right, well, you have great seats. Enjoy the show. Christening calls to repentance, to faithfulness, and to discipleship. We've come to celebrate these babies. Right now? [whispering, going into the bathroom with Cece] Okay. Okay. There's my girl. All right. Hold on one second. There we go. What's that face for? Oh, my-oh, my God. Cece, no. No, no, no, not on the dress! Cece, stop! What? Yes. This is happening. No. There's no extra outfit in the bag. Yeah. [Doug walks away] Well, this is intimate. You don't know them all? Jesus is not your caterer. [baby voice to Cece] But he should be your caterer 'cause you're a little angel. Why didn't your parents get you a caterer? [normal voice] They don't think. Huh, you think she is jealous about having a baby? Thank you. Or should I say gracias? I didn't get one. Is it just the one jug of apple cider? [Pam shrugs, woman walks away] I think that was sconesy cider, noted baptism reception critic. [baby voice] Hi. [to Pam] So that was lunch, eh? Mcpherson troop, let's haul out. Rendezvous at Friendly's. [crying] She's up! Great! You know what? I didn't read the rules, I didn't know the rules. There, it's on. I didn't read the rule book. Pam I have a loaded g*n in my desk at work. If I ever start acting like that weenie Gabe I want you to take that g*n, and I want you to sh**t me like a hundred times in the groin until I'm dead. Okay? Michael, I find it absolutely disgraceful that no one followed you in here for your walk-out. I took the liberty of making a list of everyone who didn't follow you in here. Jim. Oscar. Creed. Me, at first. Okay, they did Blinded by the Light and they did it with an actual blind guy. Was it worth it Jim? [Jim leaves] 'Cause we missed it! That would be nice wouldn't it? You know it's not really necessary for me to sit here holding her all night. Just go into Gabe's refrigerator, get a lump of suit, or any kind of congealed animal fat will do rally, tie a piece of string to it and the other end to her toe, put the suit in her mouth, she'll be happy for hours. [whispering] Hey. Well something's come up, I have to go. I have something to do. Enough. I will require beer and pizza to think this over. I don't think that's gonna... No, try me. No. Crust first. [Jim turns the pizza around] Okay, now the beer. [Jim shakes his head no] Beer me Jim. [Jim quickly puts the beer into his face] Ssss. Gentle. [drinks the beer] Now I've gotta go meet Angela. Oh come on, stop the fake prissy act. We're in the real world. Sex contracts exist! I'm going home, and I'm taking my baby with me. She's in heat. She will eat your face off! Magical... What are you doing here? Are you authorized to do this? Ok, uhm, then tell him that we'll do this tomorrow night instead. Wait Pam! How did he seem? Like, you know, did he seem disappointed? Okay, I'm not doing every number. Uh... it was like eight years ago? Nosy? Pam. I don't wanna be a lousy snitch. Ryan has been using the color printer for his business a lot, and as Office Administrator-- But it's not for-- Let it go. That's good to know. [screams] We already have a buyer. Pam. Okay, now I've tried everything. No. Yeah, it's not as fun if I'm not blowing off work. [blows a raspberry, Erin looks shocked, Kevin chuckles] Do not talk like that, Stanley. W.U.P.H.F. The domain name. Yeah, they do. Yeah, sell. [stuck in the maze, says to some kids running around in the maze] You guys know how to get out? [kids run away screaming] Can't talk, saving the planet. We Don't? Well, why have I been separating the trash into whites and colors? [throws the sack of garbage onto the floor] Eight Years. No, I won't even consider it. Right, Yes, yeah. Best friend/mentor. I think you are wrong. You may be right. I may be crazy. I'm just saying that I think I agree with your point. I thought it might make me feel better. Twenty minutes a day Jim, that's all it takes. Twenty minutes a day, all feet, no hands and I'll have the pedi-dexterity of a chimp, and you'll be sitting there like an idiot. [attempts to place pencil in pencil sharpener] Okay. Here we go. Ah, yes. [accidentally kicks items from his desk onto Pam's] I'm sorry Pam, allow me to write you an apology letter. It was great. China. I'm sorry, isn't that good enough for your anus? Don't get me started on how coddled the modern anus is. Are you just gonna sit there, Office Administrator, or are you going to do something? Pam, when I'm sitting at this desk, I'm a salesman. If you wanna talk to the new building owner, you should call Nate and schedule and appointment. [on the phone] Y'ello. Oh, hey Pam. Let me put you on hold for just one 'eensy sec. Hey Pam, Dwight's being questioned by the police in connection with a string of dog-nappings that ha... How do we stop it? With a big idea. That's what America is built on, big ideas. Blue jeans, the Grand Canyon. Whose got one, whose got a big idea? Absolutely, Pam this is exactly why I hired you as Office Administrator, handle it. Taking care of business. [chuckles] Or else? Or else what? There's nothing you can do. [lights turn off] Really? [jumps to try and activate motion sensor, Kevin walks through the door setting it off, and the lights come back on] Oh God, I've been playing Zombie Soccer for two hours? Waste of time. Oh wow, these are nice. Let me see. You can't just move out. [without looking at the pictures] Oh my gosh she is so cute. She looks like both of you. Oh, cool. Well I like being in the same building as Bob. Keeps me honest. Is the nail place Koreans or whites? Good. And the dry cleaners? Parley, my office, five minutes. Pirate code, he wants to meet. Pam, I am not an unreasonable man. If you guys stay, I will stop watering down the soap. Why do you even need soap? Are you that bad at going to the bathroom? You don't wanna move. Moving is one of the most stressful things you can do in life. You'll probably just take it out on your kid. Jim will turn to the drink. The family will fall apart, and twenty five years from now, Cece will become world famous... for stripping. Hey Pam. Y'know what, I'm the only one here who you haven't asked about the new office. Yeah, but I'm still an employee here, and that part of me is really excited about the change of scenery. What's the square footage in the new place? What's the exact square footage. How many offices are there? Oh I'll just look at the one sheet myself. [chuckles] You're a funny guy Pam. What's the first thing you guys are gonna do when you move in to the new office? I'm going to walk down the hall and say "Wow, I can't believe this is real, but it is." I can't wait. Mmhmm. It's still on a bike path though right? What does that mean? What? But you didn't fail. And you didn't fail those things either. I wasn't here. [places a book in front of Pam] I wasn't here. It's a pretty common saying. You may want to log it away for future use. Don't... I... Impossible, I love the law. Got it. [taking a group photo outside] One Charlie's Angels. One. Let's go. That's it! That's a picture! Yes! Jump in the air. We're gonna jump in the air. Here we go. Let me see you jump. [Phyllis barely jumps] Oh, my God. This is a store bought-camera. This isn't one of those special m*llitary-grade cameras that would be able to capture that. We didn't get it. I'm the office administrator now, which means I'm basically being paid to be head of the party planning committee. The first thing I did as head... I shut it down. At its best it was a toxic political club used to make others feel miserable and left out. At its best it planned parties. How's the party coming along? Are we over budget? Hello Kitty's for girls. Do you have any idea how many photographers there are at a ribbon-cutting ceremony. I do. Two. "Angela..." [imitates camera sh**ting] "over here, Angela..." [imitates camera sh**ting] "here. Look here!" Yeah! Pam? It's not. They're not. Fresh and new. Please let go. Please let go. Well then everybody'll chip in, it'll be fine. Hey. We still doing the gifts today? [Pam nods] I mean, it is the Christmas party. Well, the classy Christmas party. Me neither. Whew. Okay. Okay... [sighs] Oh, no, no, no, no! Fake tree. No, no! [scats awkwardly] There's nothing classier than boring Jazz music. I am here to tell ya. And I made a bit of a judgment call. I hired one musician, because I thought, what's better, to hire an entire quartet for half an hour, or one bassist for the entire day? I would, but I don't want to get dirty. There might be girls at the party. I do, however, have a hookup with a dude who has a pickup. You know Darryl? I should come along, just 'cause he's my, you know, he's my hookup. It's cool, Darryl, I'm here too. No. Thank you for your interest in my truck. [singing] Christmas tree, Christmas tree. Won't you be my Christmas tree. Ehh, seems a little full of itself, right? Kind of a pretty boy? What if we got a really b*at up one, like on Charlie Brown. And we just loved it for what it is? [on the phone] I just, no, she be talking to your mom or something. This is my daughter too, Justine! You seem to think, [Justine hangs up] oh... pick a damn tree already. Jada don't want to spend Christmas with me. She told her mom it wasn't as much fun. And how could she say that? You know, I took her to the toy store to buy her own presents. Her mom wants me to take her to mass. I guess that's something to do. How do I do that? Yes. You'll be Mr. Christmas by the end of the night. Yeah, well, I was told that Holly would be here, single and ready to date. And we all got misled. So where's the ring? Nobody cares about that. Look, you have to make him commit, or kick his butt to the curb. Okay, listen, I'm gonna tell him that if he doesn't propose by the end of this year, we're over. Yeah. I just want it to stop. There's no connection between the origin story and the quest. We need to know who Jimmy Halpert was before he was bitten by the bear. Otherwise, it's the bear's quest. Well, did you come here for help, or did you come here for me to tell you how great it is? Well, it sounds like you know what you want. [Pam walks away] It's also a little derivative of a serias called 'Bear Man'. Did you look that up? So you went homemade this year. Yeah. Money problems, is that what this is about? I mean, oh, dear, I don't think we can help you out. Are you good at homemade? Sure, sweetie. Jada, Darryl, I'm so glad I found you guys. A grinch stole the star from on top of the Christmas tree and is hiding it in the warehouse somewhere. You want to go help me find him? Wahhh... Merry Christmas. Yes. Well, uh... I don't think any of us really know. Alright. [Jim hands Pam a present] Ooh, go easy with the shaking. You like it? Alright, my turn. I mean... [speechless] Oh, hey, hey, no, don't run. You're gonna slip. Yup. I read this story about a woman who slipped on some black ice, and she h*t her head and went into a coma forever. And then every day, her husband went and visited her in the hospital until she d*ed. [voice breaking] Yeah, well, at least he was married. No, it's not. It's not. Oh, man, I can tell you confidently that it is not gonna be okay. Really? No. All right. You have to pick up after them. I don't want to go. Have you ever seen 'em do that? [walk outside and the parking lot is covered with snowmen] No, it's, it's okay. Okay. Okay. This is it. Go! Go! Go! Good morning. I think it's good. It's gonna be fun. I'm really excited for Michael either way. Because if Holly chooses to be with him, he will be so, so happy. And if not, he'll be avoiding the biggest mistake of his life! Oh my God! [sprays champagne on Erin] Not doing that. Drink less caffeine. That's a good one, Pam. Here's mine. Yeah. I love cooking, but I always find myself throwing out half the food that I prepare, so... two years is time to just start preparing the right amount of food for the right number of people, which is one. No, some people don't just meet someone. I'm fine with it. Really. This is not a pity party. It's not a party at all. It's just sad. Yes. Holly doesn't seem to be engaged, but she's talking to AJ like she is. I can't figure it out. Do you think she's already dating a different AJ? When you broke it off with Roy, did you still tell him you loved him? But you did still love him. Do you love him now? That's true. She's really nice. She'd talk to anybody. Why don't you bring Erin to balance you out? We're going skating. Well, my goal was to learn a new word every single day. And I must say that it is going immensely. Whoops. I want to do a cartwheel. But real casual-like. Not make a big deal about it. But I know everybody saw it. Just one stunning, gorgeous cartwheel. I'm having a little trouble motivating. Or sooner. That's not a joke. Well, I said that I would eat more vegetables, and I haven't yet. But it's okay. I still have time, since last year, I ate none. Is it? [holding broccoli in front of Kevin] Eat it. No. No cheese whiz, no hollandaise, no chocolate sauce, just eat it. Come on. Here comes the airplane, there you go. Open, open, into the hanger, there you go. I'll get him water. Me. Oh, Pam, soda. Caffeine! [bleep] you! [bleep] you! God! Okay, that's it. Will you let me know when this whole seminar thing's over? [muttering] Down... there. [to Pam] Is "jlp" a word? No, j-l-p. Like, "I jlp... I jlp you!" The winner gets to pick the movie we watch. I have won no games. So far I've seen "The Shining", "Rosemary's Baby", "The Ring". Not really my thing. Although, I... I do like the early parts of the movies where they have a perfect family and everything. Really? Yes. She's stuck on that one thing. Put the "q" there, sweetie. Put the "q" there! [phone rings] Sorry I yelled. There's no theater in that. We got it! Wow! We got it! Psst. You think this thing's gonna go much longer? Ohh! Good-bye. Stop. Out with it. Tom Witochkin. One of my best buddies, actually. I was blue group, so it was second from the top. Was in the green group. And that's what I told him. The last thing that we want is any kind of drama. All right. Bye. He's going to be a lot of fun to drive around in a car with. That's it? That's all I get? Even after all the hard work I put into celebrating your talent today? Well, those things that you consider doodles, I consider art. Oh, sorry gotta go. Ok fine, three hints. One! When you are getting colder, you're really getting warmer. Two! You have a better chance, if you think Bob Vance. You know what, just think about it, you'll be fine. [towards bathroom] Hello? [gives up and drives off] Hey it's me. So uh, don't worry. Everything's ok. Nothing. Absolutely nothing. You're not holding a cup of coffee or anything are you? Uh, so, Cece had a little bit of a fever. And your mom also locked her in the car. No no no it's ok. So, Cece is with daddy now. She's laughing and she's happy. And we are on our way to see Dr. Barbra. Yes, and your mom got a very well deserved day off. So here's the thing though. I left Michael at the gas station on Benet. And his wallet and phone are on the seat next to me. Nope. Ok. Bye. It's the gas station on Benet Street? Problem solved everyone. Space Orphan and Princess Nincompoop are off to rescue Michael. Unbelievable. I'm going. You drive, I got a car full of fox meat. Yeah, which one? No no. No no no. Keep it real. Oh it is on like Genghis Khan wearing Sean Jean in Buton. [at puppies] Hey you guys. Listen to me. Don't get hung up on just one girl because there are a whole lot of other girls out there. Look over there. See? They look cute. [at parrots] Hello! You guys are so beautiful. You're so colorful. I wish I could understand you. That's a metaphor I guess. [at snake] You are disgusting. You'll never find love. Yekkk. [holding puppy] Do you think she needs more time or is it never going to happen? [licks his nose] I'm being serious. Seriously. Has Michael checked in? I asked you a question. Goodbye. This is a man-hunt slash rescue mission. Pam, I'm obviously going to get that stuff for you so just shut up. Oh. Ok. I got one. no pop culture references. Pam, I think I'm going to send you an IM. So what, no one's even gonna try? More tasteless than this..."is that a palm tree or did Gabe get skinnier? Either way, let's pee on it." [laughter] Thinking about my grandmother a lot. She was about to turn 97. Thank you. "Congratulations, Darryl. Let's get wasted." "Have fun today, big guy." "Aww, yeah. Party time. Whoo-whoop." Birthday punches! [softly punching Darryl in the stomach] One two three four five sice seven eight! [getting out of a taxi] There you go. Thanks. Big tip. What? We decided to have a Valentine's day lunch and then that way we can spend the entire night with Cece and avoid the Valentine's day dinner thing. It's a whole thing. Shh. Um, bottomless champagne. I get it. Andy's slamming my girlfriend. Very funny. What I do not approve of, however, is public displays of affection, or PDAs. PDAs are totally superfluous to a happy, healthy office romance. Perfect example. Look at Jim and Pam. Did it! What, are you talking about me and Holly? No, no, it's great. I love working at Dunder Mifflin, a division of Taliban enterprises. Mm-hmm. Hanks.Jim and Hey. You're looking for me? No you weren't. You wanted to have sex in my office. Hey, you don't have to... That was really rough. No, because the office isn't what I'd consider a romantic place. What? No. We took a walk. Midnight is the great lost film of Michael Scott. Yeah, if Michael Scott did your home movie! Michael screened a work in progress for us, years ago, and it didn't go well. We thought it was a comedy. [flashback clip of Michael angrily leaving the conference room while the whole office is laughing at the tv] Everything pointed to it being a comedy. Sweet, I will go invite Holly. Jack Blaise. [as a busty nurse] You've already had four. No, no! Actually it's really screwed up because they [chuckles], they were trying to qualify, they were disqualified, they had to forfeit the game. Undefeated season. That's why there were so many people there. [Michael stands up, clearly realizing that his movie is not as great as he thought] Why do you care? Yeah, it took the f*re department forever to get there. [realizing there's a new computer at her desk. Gets very excited] Oh my God, where did this come from?! Who did this?! Thank you Pam. [Pam walks over to him and smiles excitedly while bouncing, Jim imitates her] Can I do something for ya? Nice. You know, I cleaned our daughter for like, an hour at four a.m. this morning, so... What do you grow in here, bullcrap? [puts the tray into the garbage] Uhm. [Pam starts nodding in agreement] Why are you nodding? This is a sick computer! Gwen Stefani has this computer! [to Pam, in a fake British accent] Uhhh, Pamela! What does a guy have to do to get, ahem, one of them? Yeah, but if you donated my computer to Africa, it would become world famous as the slowest computer in Africa. So... Well Andy's desk needs a computer. And, I mean, it's just kinda a coincidence that I work there, but... Phyllis, no body is handing anything out. What are you gonna play mange on faster? Kevin, in sumo culture, you'd be considered a promising up and comer. It's crazy, right? Erin just wanted me to have it, so we switched. [nods] I just thought, he really needed a new computer, and he knew so much about that one. Pam, when I'm freaking out, I just sorta step back and- Is this worth freaking out about? That's interesting. So you also think my computer is crappy. Seriously? Pam! Come on! Pam. Can I talk to you in private? Well they put a sign-up sheet on the conference room and I signed us up for three mods. A mod is five minutes. And it started two minutes ago. Can we talk about this in the meeting? Because we're a little late. Mind if I close the door? [after shutting door in the conference room] What you did out there, earlier, was totally un-cool. You humiliated me in front of every body! I mean, it's pretty broken already. I was going to say dogs! Okay, you know what, this is over! Apology has been issued! And we're through with it. Packer will be here until the day he dies, just like the rest of us! No no no no no! We can say that the previous owner was a neat-freak. Or an elegant old lady and she just kept it around in case her grand-kids came to visit, but they d*ed and they never came, I think I'm gonna make myself cry. [watching Pam scrap his computer] That's probably good. That's enough. [plugging in new computer, acting to make people think he got a bad computer] Pam, how is this thing even any better than my old computer? Where'd you even find this thing, like, in the corner in the warehouse? So this new computer you found in the warehouse. Yeah, you really did. 'Cause I know every INCH of that warehouse. Maybe you could go back down there and see if you can find me some extra sick days. Really? 'Cause I think maybe I saw five. Three. [Daryl nods] No. Everybody assumes I am. I always get them as gifts. Oh. Oh, yikes. It's good that its cold it will drive business inside. No. Mom? Oh, which one is decaf? Hi. Oh, you know what, you have a siphon? I think I'm gonna run out of gas. Well, I'm writing a message. I'm asking Holly a question in f*re. Maybe. Hey you know what? I've got gas all over my hands and my shoes. Would you light it? Would you do the honors please? Pam. Could you light this please? I am not in the mood for riddles pam. No, this is romantic. They're legumes Dwight, and you're just gonna make fun of me, so why would I... You know what, this ends now. [crumples up beans, stomps on them, and throws them in a box] Why? Ok. Thank you all for coming. I would like to talk to you all today about... recycling. Yes. I could not have agreed with you more. Yes. Thank you. No, no, no, no. My minds made up I am not going to change my mind you can't talk me out of it. She's amazing. This is very exciting. Let me see. Heres the ring. Is she not going to like that? That mush have been a surprise when... at the gas station you proposed. I just... it's terrifying. Cause it's a big deal. I mean.. I knew Pam was gonna say yes but I was still scared. That's awesome! This is Jim and Pam, aka Jap. What started as an affair has blossomed into a family before our eyes. Yes it was. [points to picture of Cecelia] We made that. Well, congratulations. I have four kids of my own. Really? Oh, my gosh! We just have the one, but she poops for four. [laughs] That's- Alright, wait, little bit of backstory, she loves dogs. She calls them 'da-das'. Thank you very much. No she doesn't wa- She's not here. I love their breadsticks! I love when people say like cr*ck when they've obviously never done cr*ck. I don't know, something from your world. The breadsticks are like scrapbooking. [Jim and Pam are walking outside] I just don't understand the desire to push sweet potato fries on me, and not just regular fries. Please! Sorry. Get in. [Jim and Pam are confused and worried] Sorry sorry sorry. I eat lunch in the car now. It's my alone time. It's just nice to have some time away from Gabe. I, really don't like spending time with him. I think I'm gonna go. I can't just dump him Pam, I'm not like you, I can't be mean. Alright. [all applaud Jim] I gotta go do this. [Outside of the restaurant, obviously sad] So that is how it ends. My last Dundies ever. I was hoping it'd be more like Godfather Three. That rapped up the whole franchise in an extremely satisfying way. But instead it is like Godfather One! That was, very confusing, had maybe three big laughs. Oh well... No, no. You're being too hard on yourself. We had a very truncated rehearsal time. Nine million, nine hundred eighty six thousand minutes! That's how many minutes, that you've worked here. Please. [walking in] There they are! Party Planning Committee together again! Well we all wanted to plan your goodbye party. We thought this would be easier. The three of us have all been chairmen before. You know what, I'm thinking maybe we should get ice cream that everybody'll like. How about vanilla? Let's get vanilla. Tomorrow I want everyone to have a good time. No drama. And as for today, just a typical day. Alright? What do you like Pam? What kind of toppings would you like? Sounds beautiful! Yeah. Finally! That old shredder sucked. Yeah, it won't shred magazines. No, it's just... that old shredder sucks. [Michael looks tearful] Just get one that'll shred magazines. No. They make these cakes, they're wild! I mean, they show everything! I know what you're thinking, but it's not just black, they do it all. And the women on these cakes, they're not just guy's fantasies. They have real, full women. It is refreshing. As a person who buys a lot of erotic cakes, it feels good to be represented on one. [sees Pam walking towards the door of the office] Um, Pam. But it is already three o'clock! [Michael leaves, Jim gives a knowing look to the camera] [putting his shoes back on, talking to the camera crew] Well, I guess this is it. Hey will you guys let me know if this ever airs? Thank you. Alright... Oh! [pulls out his mic from his shirt] This is gonna feel so good, getting this thing off my chest. [he hands them the body mic, when he speaks it is inaudible now] That's what she said! [waves goodbye and walks off to his gate, halfway there Pam comes running up to him and they hug for a while. They say their goodbyes to each other, and Michael walks off for good] Snap, for real? Hold on. [continuing to talk to Darryl] And if you're really serious, you should go in the spring. No. Because the entire state smells like Earth. Yes, Pam. Put it with the rest. Hey! No he doesn't. You just get so nervous and hyper around him. Every time there's a silence, your brain's like "Heh-heh-huh-huh" [imitating crying]. Sorry g*ng. Thought my juggling stuff was in the trunk of my car. It's not. Sorry, I never touch another juggler's instruments. You know, we're all here, I've got the music cued, why don't I just do my routine without the juggling b*lls? [starts to play "Wake Me Up Inside" by Evanescence] Prepare... to go into the danger zone. [begins pretend juggling routine] Didn't drop a single ball! What could he possibly stand to gain from a fake juggling routine? How could I not see it? You're so right. And say what? "Hey Deangelo, are you shy or just a sexist?" Hello. Okay, okay, back to work, Kelly, we have a lot to get done today. Yup. [holds up phone and looks into Deangelo's office] No! I'm going in, into the belly of the beast. Gonna infiltrate and change from within. [joins the group in Deangelo's office] What's up, mancave! [makes barking noises] So this is my life. Until I win the lottery [laughs]. Or Pam finally writes that series of young adult books. [sighs] Oh, close call! Okay, why don't you just finish this up and leave it on my desk and I will see you at your place around 2 am. The man is paying me to take Chinese. I will say what I need to say, and soon, I will say it in Chinese. Jim! Come on in. Wait... Aaaaahhhhh! I'm coming. 30, and I find that the first hour of the day goes by a lot quicker than the second seven hours. He put some snacks in the freezer for us. [walking around the office with the holster around his waist] Yep. Yep, yep, yep. Lookin' good. [grunts] Ohh... [stretching out his arms to better indicate the g*n and holster] Oh, what a day. What a day. The g*n is just an accessory to the holster, okay? I can't walk around wearing an empty holster. In case you weren't hungry now, but you got hungry later. Put everything back in the vending machine except... the fruit. Pam made me put a banana in my holster. [pointing at a whiteboard with BOBODDY written on the left side, vertically] BO-BODDY! BO-BODDY. What does the first "B" stand for? I like it! Business! Good, Kevin! [writes after the first B, I, Z, N, U...] All right! The "O"... Yeah. They won't make me manager, and I won't settle for anything less. I've gone about as far as I can here. That's obvious. Time to take my talents elsewhere. [limo driver lets Angela out of the limo at the office parking lot] Thank you. Okay. He took me to the replica of Monet's Japanese bridge, and then he put this flower behind my ear, which normally, I would hate, 'cause it's so civil rightsy. Then he got down on one knee, and he said, will you be a Senator's wife? Yes, Pam. Not everyone is as informal as you and Jim. [imitating Jim's voice] Oh, hey Pam, dude, whatever, wanna marry me? [Erin, Kelly, and Meredith laugh] [on phone] First of all, I want to thank you for your years of patronizing our company. I've got some bad news. We're going out of business. [covers phone, whispers to Pam] Saving face. [uncovers phone] Yep, yep. I understand that. Basically everything is falling apart here. Pam looks around the office and realizes only she has overheard this] How is this on me? [takes the pictures] Okay I already see one, gimme. Okay. Pam... I think Robert is gay. [whispers] So!? I have a very strong suspicion. What bathhouse? [confused, whispers] What? My friend at the Scranton Blade is totally plugged into these matters. You guys, um, talking Senator? I don't think we should tell her. Angela went a whole day without telling me I had lettuce in my teeth. Screw her. You know, this is probably is her last chance at a family. We don't tell her. Who is our biggest client? [laughs] Okay. It's Creed. FYI, I'm starting my own paper company, looking to poach some chumps, you in? Hehehe, cool. Let's keep this on the QT, okay? I uh, I don't want you to be a dead mamma jamma. All right, thank you, bye-bye. I mean, we just have to see how many Senators and members of Congress want to attend, before we can open it up to regular people. Pam, you know how you and Jim did your ironic wedding? [Pam looks confused] Do you still have the plans for the dream wedding that you couldn't afford? Niagara Falls? Pregnant? That was your dream? Pork medallions? No, I mean an outsider. Like someone on the margins of society, who doesn't see things the way we do, like a homeless person. No, you're right, Pam, let's just leave him to the welfare system and let that handle it. [walks in] Gotta catch a plane. You remind me so much of my fourth-biggest client. I think you two should meet. K, I'm gonna need some help. Pam? Oh, yeah. Pregnant. No, I told you I don't like that joke. It is a boy. We found out early. Look, it's a ‘Little Pregs' [points to her belly] and ‘Big Pregs' [points to Pam's] Isn't it amazing, the difference in our sizes? You watching that commercial again? [Pam nods] Why do you keep watching it, if you know it's just gonna make you cry? He's got a bank vault. That's a start. Pam, pam. Psst. Pam. [motions her over, both looking at Robert's notebook] [throws hard, Jim doesn't catch] Nice catch. Uh, no, actually. That was in Robert's notebook. Oh, okay. I don't want any part of this. I don't think it's- Alright, well, I will see you in a bit. Hey. It's nothing. Alright? I'll text you when we get there. Let you know what's going on. Nope. No dog video. That's pizza. Ah hah! Their interpretation of Margarita pizza. Fans of classic pizza will be psyched. [Pam's phone vibrates] Oh, text from Jim. "This is getting very weird. Will explain later." Okay, not to point out the glaringly obvious, but doesn't the fact that I'm in this group make anyone feel just a little bit better? Oh! This crust is sharp! C'mon Pam. Chins up, okay? Bad joke. Look around this room. Does this look like a group of losers? Seriously? Well, that was certainly an odd lunch. Is everything alright? Alright, I'm gonna go warm up the car. Okay. Oh, uh, you dropped something. Jim? Me do it now. Go. Stop worry. Me feel good. Body strong. Sleep big last night. He's always been like that. No me fault. See world. "Unleash the power of the pyramid." Um, D-Dog, you have a message. Have you seen this? [Hands Pam Parenting magazine] Have you read it? Has an adult member of your family read this particular issue? So you saw the article on the importance of taking frequent walks while you're pregnant? We know that. I will be taking a morning walk and an afternoon walk. Would you like to join me? You have a walking buddy. "Well, how does this work?" You're exactly right and you get a point. Yeah! Yeah. Big sale. Don't worry about it though, I don't really care about the points. I would like a point receipt though...[on phone] Hey! Yes, this is Jim Halpert calling for Donald...can you hold on for one second? Thank you very much. [gets up to give Erin his point receipt] [on the phone]and I'm back. How are you sir?....I think we can squeeze a couple more golf games in, right? Took ‘em one day. I like it, I like it! [Pam flips the page] What else you got? Oh, and then this was Phyllis's idea...[shocked cheers] So nasty Phyllis! So, coming out of his butt is a... Baby... Well, I think down's better. Sweating pretty heavily down there. OK, you want me to... There's something about an underdog that really inspires...the unexceptional. Well, we could talk about an ethical dilemma I'm having. A coworker of mine is drinking caffeine while pregnant, and I don't know if I should call social services about it. Maybe. In mugs with trace amounts of coffee! I already did. Fine. Bye! [Kevin's horn honks twice shortly, then one long honk. sh*t shows him passed out on his steering wheel.] Oh man, it's gotta be over a hundred thousand dollars. No, I'd probably buy a big piece of land in Maine, build a house, work in town. Somewhere I could bike to or kayak to. I'd either bike to my job at the kayak shop or kayak to my job at the bike shop. Whoa. Saucy. I thought you liked Maine? SoHo's mostly lofts but OK. Oh, god. Which ideally would be me.... Stop. I'm a barista in your fantasy? Good old Kevin. He'll do anything. Well guess what? I will not do a good job. Sure. Oh, sorry. I thought it was a guess your baby's birth weight pool. Yeah. And I said sorry. Nice. Right back where I like you. [Pam is sitting at reception covering for Erin] Can you make ten copies of this for me? Why not? What are you doing? Ah, everyone wants to be rich, but nobody wants to work for it. It used to be Reggie Winters out at Gold's Gym. But he moved away. And then it was between Bruce and this guy Dean. Um, but Dean got fixated on his calves and uh, and his triceps went to hell. It is, yeah. I mean I just don't know why I'm compromising if it's my fantasy. Cause in my fantasy it's Maine and you love it. I would spend a lot of time launching my true crime podcast, The Flenderson Files. Dum bum buh. [whispers] Flenderson files. Right. It's city and country combined. And I can fish right from the window of Pam's pottery studio. And we can chat any time we want. [laughs] Just like now....too bad the schools are terrible. But what are you gonna do about that? No. [entering office] What's going on? Aw, ew, please don't. Not a barbecue. It's better than a barbecue. It's dignified, quieter, there are rules. Is there anything you wish you had done differently to avoid cankles? I've already gone up another cup size. The senator is grossed out. When do you start feeling it kick? Phillip? Phillip is the name that we're using. It's after my favorite cat. I would like to toast someone who isn't here but who will be in just four short months. Welcome to the world, Phillip Lipton! Thanks, Oscar. Closing ceremonies. G'day, Pameroo. Could you sh**t this off for me? Australian accent... Oh, I just wanted to see how you do it, if you're doing something I don't. That Andy, so hot and cold. One day he's like, fax these documents, please. The next he's like, Pam, you fax them, who cares what Erin's feeling, right? Pam, how would you rate me as a receptionist on a scale of 1 to 3? That's like, the second to last thing I wanted to hear. Yeah... I always wondered what kind of people went on that thing. [sigh] What happened, Pam? Wait, they have food there? Hey. Oh, this Man In Black thing, what do you think that was about? Was it, like, trickery in the lights, or maybe you were so primed to see it, then there it was? Mmhmm. No, but what I'm saying is, like, do you ever wonder what it was? Yeah, I had just told you about the day that I met the Blue Angels. I figured you had to top it. Ok let me go get it. Hey it's Jim Halpert. I was wondering if you wanted to see a movie tonight. Because I've read a lot about this really great documentary. [laughs] It's called Ghostbusters. It didn't have a buster sign around him? Why don't you draw him? Why don't we see this whole thing. I ain't fraid of no ghost. [Pam holds up drawing of a hand with the middle finger raised] Whoa! [whispering] Thank you. Careful, whoa. First of all, it's not like I think that's going to help the Eagles win. Like, a few years down the road, Cece says, "Mom, there's a ghost in my closet." Now, you say one of two things - one, "You're just having a bad dream," or two, "Let's go see what it was." Ok. Come on pam!Andy/ [Singing, Pam mumbling lyrics] Closing time, time for you to go home to the places you will be from. Dwight's car is gone. Well now hold on it, it- What does it look like I'm doing? Digging a grave for a horse. Do you need a hand? Exactly. Here we go. Let's do it. In. I'm hungry. Okay. Take off your shoes. Except you Kevin, they stay on. [Kevin comes around corner with a pan, ready to strike Dwight, Pam shakes her head] Oh, Pam. You got something on your shirt. Did you just have a stroke, Pam? It's "Nobody's perfect." Nice stroke, Pam. Dwight, there's just a small matter of a- Any specific animal? What are you doing? It's 5 to 5. That's insane! Trust you, like I trusted Dwight this morning. Enngh- My serve! Alright thank you officer. Erin please hold all my other calls. Where were we? Hi. I think everything is under control. You should sit down. No I should go fill out my paperwork. Oh we know. Yeah me too. What's that? No, no. Not even. Radiant. It's one of the most common fetishes. We all got to go sometime. Hey. Yeah. Super pretty. The temp? Nope. And I'm telling you, I don't. No, I'm not going to tell my nine-months-pregnant wife that I find her replacement objectively attractive. Just like I'm not going to tell my two-year-old daughter that violent video games are objectively more fun. It's true, but it doesn't help anybody. That's just absurd. Her breasts are large, her waist is small, her reproductive health in ample evidence. And facial symmetry- come on. The thing about pregnancy is people treat you differently. Like you're a kid almost. They lose all sense of boundaries. They start acting weird, telling you things that clearly aren't true. I know it sounds nuts, but I think Dwight is the only one who's telling me the truth. Why would I or anyone else think that you're hot right now? I can't impregnate you, and that's the driving force between male-female attraction. Meh... you were at your most attractive when you were 24 with a slight, gradual decline and a steep drop-off when you got pregnant for the first time. Gradual recovery and, uh, well now, obviously, you're at an all-time low. You think Jim's lying? [laughs] That's so cute. I know he's lying. Done. [Pam goes for a high five] I never touch a pregnant woman. If we're going to work together, we need some ground rules. our only loyalty is to the truth. we stop at nothing. Don't fall in love. We're gonna bust this guy. So important. And then we will destroy the man himself. It is called the matchmaker test, and it is very powerful. Basically we have Pam ask Jim which of his friends he would set up with Cathy. If Jim picks a really hot friend, then we know that he thinks that Cathy's hot. [singing] Have you heard about the midnight rambler? [Lisa, the guitarist, enters] Hey, come on in, baby. Yeah! Oh, I stand corrected. Oh, you know who might be good? Mike Tibbets. [sees photo of Mike Tibbets] Eww! I mean, I guess he'd be okay with hair. Okay, you should see if he'll get hair plugs. I don't see what's so ugly about him. He's got the broad face of a brewer. Hmm? Just ugly enough to have deniability. I'm gonna write something mean on his wall. Okay, just shut it. I can't tell. It's unnaturally sunken. [Jim says something and Cathy laughs] Busted. He just was mirroring. Did you see that? Jim has no discernible sense of humor, Pam. You should know that. Time for me to find out. [to Pam] Does your husband have very soft erections? Because if not, I just grabbed a very soft penis for nothing. Why was he making her laugh so much? Yeah, take your time. Um, do I hand in my expense reports to a particular accountant or- Sorry, um, I'll just go ask Oscar. You okay? Okay, what can I do to make you believe me? She called it crazy? Aw, man, that's insulting. All I did was propose a makeshift lie-detector test. Monitoring his blood pressure, pulse, perspiration, and breathing rate. [to Pam] Really? Si. Yep, he's lying. I am not lying. I would listen to my homemade test, because your husband is definitely lying. In fact, he's lied about every question. Even his name. Who are you really? Look at the numbers. Every single time, it's come up 150 over 100. Your husband is a pathological liar. Oh, he is definitely attracted to her. Yeah, but I don't smoke. It's important to go every month and get your prostate checked. You can do it at home by yourself with your finger. You just stick it- Okay. Doesn't it worry you in the slightest that Jim is not his real name? Oh, is it okay with you? Because if it's not, you work for me, so... Comply with all applicable laws, regulations, policies and contracts governing our business. Be honest, fair- And trustworthy in all your business activities and relationships. Treat one another- Oh okay, she's going into labor. Make way, everybody! I know it's wrong to fake going into labor just to get out of things, but sometimes it's necessary. Or should I have corndogs. I mean- Okay, three reasons you are wrong about True Blood. Number one- I'm going into labor. Okay. Oh. [liquid splatters] Oh my God! Okay guys, here we go! We'll see you! Goodbye! Good luck! [empty bottle falls to the ground] Not food and stuff. Oh, if you buy the picnic table then you've got to get the f*re pit. Oh, hi there. Oh, uh, no. No, no, no, no. I'm, uh, I'm actually with a tour group myself, so- [laughter] Hello! I'm Abraham Lincoln! Some people call me the great emancipator, but, uh, you might know me from the penny. [laughter] I am not. Um, excuse me. I'm gonna go to the bathroom. Yes, I am brining my kids in to help me get out of this hole. And you all remember my beautiful wife, Pam. Whoa, whoa, whoa, game face, baby, game face. Whoa, no, no. That's overdoing it, I think. Split the difference? Okay, let's go. Hi. Hi. Hey, Angela's back with her baby. Let me have a turn. Did you say something about this one bringing in something for these people? Cookies? That was a great idea. No. Yes. [cries] Mama! It's okay. All right, all right. Okay. All right, I know, I know. Let's just get this. Oh bud, I know. Do you have a pacifier or anything? Cece! Okay, okay, we gotta go. All right, we're going home, we're going home. We're going home, we're going home. I know, I know, bud. I know, I know. I'm gonna grab her, okay. I have a kid. Last week, Jim at home? That was no vacation. Oh ho! Look who's back reporting for duty. Hey. Are you glad to be back? You still had eight weeks more than we did. I wanted to come back to work. Not everybody needs some long luxurious Parisian maternity leave. [removes coat] [murmurs of delight as people shuffle toward the treats] Extremely, but I'm gonna fight through it. I don't know what that is, Pam. I made a batch with no nuts, special for you Kevin, right here. Babies sleep a lot Pam, if you feed them enough. Brownie Pam? I wouldn't know, I'm watching my weight. Ugh. Nope. It's over. Pam, pack up your post-natal swimwear, make it a one piece or this offer is rescinded, and join me on a fantastic barbeque one week from today in Tallahassee, Florida where I'm going to be living for the next three weeks. Mm hm. Eh! No plus one's. This is for competent workers only. And don't worry about the cost, Sabre is footing the bill. I just got a text from Robert California that says "bring your clubs to Florida". I hope not. [laughs] Because I am not going. Two question marks? Kevin!? Kelly!? Kathy!? Andy just gave me a chain with three weak links. Have you ever tried to use a chain with three weak links? I have. And now I no longer own an arctic wolf. "Robert, Hey!" Exclamation point. "Got your text, awesome idea. Let's h*t the links next time you're in PA" Dash JH. Yeah, it's a golf text. I'm out. [reading text] Robert, great offer. Wish I could h*t the links with you in Florida but a father of a newborn really should be helping out his wife any chance he gets. Ok, sending. Now, is it too dark to say that Cici's having an operation? I think you're right. Total nightmare. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. They're incredibly helpful, you're lucky to have them. I mean with them there, you probably won't even know I'm gone. No, no, no, no. Just put it on my chair. Bye. Yes, right here. Got it. Dink, ow. [chuckles, clicks tongue] In the trash. We're screwed. Oh! There we go! Pam? Can you get the phone? Mm, well, you used to be. That was an interesting diversion. Shall we get back to the meeting? Oops. That's embarrassing. Egg on my face. [ties jacket around wound] Ah. Yes I am, as a matter of fact. Andy, when I was twelve years old, we did a field trip, a lock-in at the zoo. I met this girl, I thought she was so perfect. I was in love with her. But when the sun came up, I knew it wasn't real, 'cause she was ugly and I had grown tired of her. I know you want reception today, but tomorrow you won't want to do her. She's a dog. [groans] Ugh! Fine. Did you see this? [points to pens in cup]  Hey, you guys want to see a picture of Gerald wearing galoshes? He refused to go out in the rain until I bought these. Now going out in the rain is all he wants to do. News flash - If you didn't carry it around for nine months, it isn't your kid. Hey, are your little dudes crawling yet? My Phillip is crawling. Exactly. That's just like crate training. All night long, all night long. [laughing] Check this out. My brother just got a new sailboat. He has NO idea what he just got himself into. There's nothing harder than taking care of a boat...am i right?Angela/ 00. Workday is over. Put your pencils down. Aaannnnddd bring 'em back up, because now, the late night work jam begins! Say what? Say what? Tonight we're staying late to service the accounts of the people who went on the Florida trip. Hey. [Jim Face] Play it cool, man. She'll come around. Yeah, but... My friend Jim would tell you to play it cool. It has been delivered. Here's what happened. Pam and I were arriving for the day. And there was a g*ng in the parking lot on bikes, on, on motorcycles. And they were just hassling Pam... They had, uh... w*apon. I just stepped in to talk some sense into them. Punches were going, and I ducked a few, landed a couple, and I was fighting them off. It was totally, like, like, senseless crime. No, no, no, no, no, we don't need to call the police. They'll just ask everybody questions, get up in everyone's business, right, Pam? Because I have neighborhood Pride. 1-8-5-0-5. There. That chubby one. Yesterday? Sorry I kicked your ass in front of your "thin" girlfriend. Hey, hey, hey. Kelly Kelly, Kelly... come on.... Ow! God! My good eye! [opens box, pulls out and displays contents] It's a photo of all of us. Oh, now mine's broken. Hang on. [turns his laptop on its side while lying on desk] Oh, there we go. No, no, I think it was more like, 'you know, I liked him, but I don't anymore because he did a bad job, so I'm definitely gonna yell at him'. I tried. He will not listen. Stanley's very upset that we're leaving Florida. But he would back me up. [to Kevin] Oh, you know what you have to do? To decide? You need to make them do things for you. And, like, buy you things. Does anyone else think this is weird? And like, kind of uncool, actually? To leave us without a receptionist? [insincerely] Good to be back. Hey. I missed you. [they embrace and kiss as Andy watches on sadly]  Nice. There's this balloon that has been floating in the rafters of the warehouse for, like, ever. And, okay, it's not -- it doesn't sound cool. You just have to see it. Wow. It's the end of an era. Mm. I- I said I'm Tony. Okay I made a mistake. I thought it might go unnoticed. But uh, I'm Toby. So no one can tell me what's going on. Well, let me illuminate things for you. We are getting to know each other. [in American accent] But why, m'lady? [in normal voice] Because I am your new manager. Performance reviews. Any luck? Trust you? The way Pam trusted you to provide for her so she wouldn't have to work? So Phyllis, now you know the rules of the game. Would you care to have a go? I'm fairly certain you're going to like it. So, Pamela, I'm going to start this review, not by telling you what you lack, but rather, asking you what it is you want. That's not really what you want. What you want is a good night's sleep, working mother of two. Does Jim have to breastfeed? Did Jim carry around those babies for-- what is it? 12 months? Be honest, does Jim really get up in the night? You must be exhausted. Fancy a nap? Go on. Have a nap. Lie down right here. There's a blanket in here. I used it earlier myself. Dreamt I could breathe underwater like Jacques Cousteau. No one will know. I'll wake you up. And when you wake up, you will earn more money. "I'm amazing."  Oh, because your jokes are all hilarious. Stanley doesn't have a moustache. Pam, h*t the brakes. Stanley does not have a moustache. I misspoke. I'm not sure. I think he has one, now that- I think he has a moustache. Oh, I don't know. Now I think he doesn't. 'Cause we come here to do our jobs. We don't stick our noses in other people's business. Yes! "Good morning, Robert," says no one because our receptionist is in Florida. [no one responds] Pam! Is this a video conference you're having with "Drake, featuring Swizz Beatz"? The rest of you, let's throw a party at the end of the day to welcome the newest member of our little community. I'm sorry, we're taking work time to move someone's personal belongings into their new apartment. I can't believe he's making us throw a party for her. On purpose. [cell phone rings] Excuse me, one second. Hi. That's moving boxes. We just came up with the term to make it sound cooler. Sounds like every other party. Oh! Hire a magician. Trust me. [in the phone] You know what, Pam? I was thinking maybe we should change course here. Let's give up on all this mean stuff. Absolutely. Yeah. [whispers] Call it off, Pam. Call it off, okay? It's way more complicated than you think. Cancel the magician. Trust me. We're going to have the fluorescent lights flickering. It's gonna make everyone sick. Okay. We're in far too deep. We can't change course at this point. [singing] By yon bonnie banks and by yon bonnie braes... Yeah! Hey, how about we go with Pam? Simple, easy to remember. -that you guys hate Pam. Do you ever wish she would just... disappear? [sets off flash paper] But I never could seem to figure out those knots. You don't even know how to drive! Bye Andy! Loser! Nice car! Yes ma'am. What? That ain't right. Wait a minute! You said it was a magician, right? [Pam nods] You don't think he could've used... it couldn't have been... Time's almost up. How many are left? What do you mean? ...and then just lay him in his crib, and then bicycle his legs. And then after Jim quiets down, you do the same thing with your baby. [Pam, Jim and Kelly laugh] But if he keeps having problems, just give me a call. It's no bother, you guys are our friends. Yep. Because Kelly is Indian and... oh, that's it. Race had nothing to do with it. I just knew they'd be good together. [cries, slams fist on desk] Why? Don't shake the baby. Um, a lot of times, parents get frustrated 'cause the baby's crying and they shake the baby. And you got to, um, you can't do that. Yeah. Oh, my God. Hey, um, what's the deal with this guy? He's really into Kelly, huh? Okay, okay. He's so sweet. He pointed to my latte and he said, "Kelly, that will be the color of our children." Which time? Okay, so I- What happened? Um... I don't... Uh, yes, that time that it was very late. Uh, we'd had sex so many times already, I was exhausted... Hey, I hear you been bad-mouthing me to Kelly. Well that's your opinion and it's her opinion, but it's not my opinion. If you have something bad to say to me, Pam, say it to my face. Kelly, I wrote you the most amazing love poem. But I can't even read it. My heart couldn't handle it. Oh, come on. No. It would cause me too much pain. No. You are toxic! You are toxic! Well you do a lot, so just don't. Thank you. I know that I haven't always treated you the way that you, for whatever reason, feel you deserve to be treated. But I want to marry you, Kelly Kapoor. Maybe not today, maybe not tomorrow, but someday, and probably. Yes. Not at all, can we go? Second line. "And when the Indian Ocean calms, one speck of white remains in waters cold and Kelly green." [pacing back and forth.] No, no, no, no, no, no, no! No, no, no, no, no, no. Smokey's dead. Um... God, so many, Nellie! Okay, I'm not... I'm not playing this game, Pam. Not today. Wow! Look at that! It says he's actually playing State College. That's only three hours away! Tickets are 250 bucks. How much is parking, like 30 bucks? That's not what Smokey would have wanted. Does want. That's how workplace tragedies always begin. A middle aged white male "hanging out". Call the cops! guys, everything is fine! I'm just here to pick up Erin. We're going to the Fundraiser. The hero lives in this dystopian future and he flies around in a spaceship that's shaped like a treble clef. And he has to sing his heart out to destroy all evil. I stumbled into a very dramatic situation. Angelas husband just h*t on me! Okay, what was this look? [Oscar does the look.] What happened, did he do it? Okay guys, not every glance means something, alright? Life isn't Downton Abbey. This is interesting. what is interesting? I just proved that he gives his cell out to everybody. He does not think Jim's gay. A gay man would not leave the house wearing those shoes. Thank you! Okay well, Andy, listen. It's okay if you don't feel totally settled. This is all very fresh. My dog Ruby doesn't do anything, she just lays there all day! She's so chill. Doesn't really poop. It's perfect, nothing to pick up! She just kind of lies there all day like a good girl. I put on the TV for her, but I have to prop her eyes open so she can see it. Pam, when's the last time you lived so intensely that your brain literally couldn't hold the memories in? Apparently, I left a phone message for Nellie last night, and I need you to find out what I said. Yes, ‘course. Why don't you list the things that would keep you from helping me. Let's do it now. What's number one? There we go. Come on in. [Andy walks in] Shut up. Hmm. Excellent. Excellent. Though troubling that your first instinct is thievery. Shopaholic. This is Annie from second nests. I'm sorry, but the Romanian orphanage felt more comfortable with a two-person nuclear family than a single mother, so, we're gonna hold out for that. Pam, we need to get to the bottom of this. No, come on. Pam, Pam, you've completely bungled this! Ah. Ahh. [walks out] Can I do it, Pam? Can I put off a gold Arabian sandal? Oh! Oh, gosh. Thank you. I'm... so stupid. Oh, god, Pam. Don't get me started. You've just got me started. Robert... is... a filthy beast. I mean, don't you get the feeling, he's just thinking of fifteen different ways to do you? I mean, the man talks of nothing but sex. I cannot even tell you what he left on my phone last night. Webcams make me look the way I do in my fantasies. Mmm, I can't hold it in any longer. Um, I am faking this, okay? Because I convinced David Wallace to buy Dunder Mifflin back from Sabre. And at three o'clock today he's gonna walk in here and reinstate me as manager. Pam? No! No, we talked about not bringing them in to Dwight's photo studio slash trap. No, we decided it was crazy not to worry about it. Nope. But are you a hundred percent sure? I don't think any of us are. Nope. That's- That's- Great, right up there. Yeah. You just sit right here. Here we go. Alright. Why don't you just- -give him to me and... perfect. This is great. Excuse me. Just do it. That's it. What? Oh boy. Andy tells me about seeing David Wallace all the time. Hey guys, long time. So I patched him with stuff from around the office. But I couldn't get the pieces to fit right. Then one day, when I was reaching for the glue, I crushed his shell again. But I rebuilt him even better that time. But it turned out the turtle was already day. Probably when I ran over him the first time. You are really good at modesty. She's a genius. She painted this incredible mural in the kids' room. There's a hippo leading a parade of 500 children— Its sports marketing basically. But the athletes are partners. In Philly, so, that doesn't really work for the family. Watch this guy make a billion dollars off my idea. I've actually done a lot of market research and it actually turns out that southwestern Ohio is going to be the next Silicon Valley. They call it the Silicon Prairie. It's a big university town. And, uh, that's not garbage, it's out clothes. Well we're more following you guys, to see how you turn out. Slack lining, please. Untie that rope, give it to a couple of pig-tailed school girls, let them start jumping with it while chanting a rhyme and giggling about boys. Doesn't seem so macho now, does it? It's a jump rope! Pam? Hey come up here, up the ladder. Come on. Do you see how the trapeze completely surrounds the wire? That means it's literally impossible for anyone to fall off. So you will merely sit below and be my counterweight as I pedal across the parking lot to that telephone pole. You will. Yeah we weigh about the same, wouldn't you say? So you'll do it? Come on, this will be the only thrill of your boring life. Come on. No, Pam. Please? Please, Pam? [on phone] Yeah. Good news, tonight when you come over for dinner, you can play with your old buddy Comstock. Yeah. You know what? I'll meet you down there. Just gotta make a quick call.  [viewing the chore wheel for the first time] Oh, yeah! Can I spin first? Yeah, you know, like [motions arm in circles] guh, guh, guh, guh, guh, guh, guh... guh. [reluctantly] Spinning would be more fun. [spinning a new ‘chore wheel' while everyone claps] Okay, that's what I'm talking about! Big money, big money! [wheel stops on ‘mug duty', disappointed] Mug duty? Yeah, seriously, it's like everything on there is work. Yeah, I don't think that you understand wheels. I've been through several rounds of development with the team and here's where we stand with the chore wheel. [introducing a third ‘chore wheel', excited] We've got prizes! Ten bucks, candy bar, manager for an hour but, there are also penalties. Like, no internet, Stanley gets your lunch. The one thing that is not on the chore wheel is chores. But they were right; it's more fun this way. [everyone cheers as Meredith spins and lands on ‘tiny wheel'] The tiny wheel actually does have chores. It's so cute no one seems to mind. [at the Halpert residence as Cece twirls in the front yard, exiting front door] Pam, we gotta go. Cece, go back inside. Grandma's got breakfast, OK? [to camera] We are going to Roy's wedding. Yep, Roy. I think the only weird thing about going to your wife's ex-fiancé's wedding on a weekday at eight AM is that it's your wife's ex-fiancé. [to Pam] A banana? Oh, come on. Not even Roy will have hot dogs at his wedding. [Jim and Pam approaching the wedding venue] Is this his house? [approaching Jim and Pam] Mimosa? Would you like me to take your peel? OK. Uh, my ex-fiancé. He plays piano? [clapping] You got this, Roy. [Roy begins playing and singing She's Got a Way by Billy Joel, Pam and Jim looked shocked, Phyllis and Bob begin making out] Definitely. Courtside seats. Sixers. It was an away game. No. [in the kitchen] Oh, here's one. Did I ever tell you about the time that my brothers videotaped the lottery announcement? And bought the winning numbers the next day? And then, played the tape for me the next week, and I- You heard that one. That I thought we were millionaires. Ready? Oh! Johnny Depp. It's not even real yet. And I'm not gonna tell her 'til it's real. [as Pam stares at him] I can feel you looking at me. Uh-huh. [after a pause] That didn't happen. You would've told me right away. Uh... [looks at Pam] You don't work here! You're not Jim! Oh great, can't wait. [Kisses Pam] It means "excellent". And we have g*n. Hmm? Oh—oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, fine. Fine, fine, fine. I'm mean, I d—I just don't wanna—burden you with my massive stress freak outs! [sighs] Oh, Pam, thank you! You are my savior! [hugs Pam]Nellie and [giggling] ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!! Darryl said, "Cool, man." He called me as cool man. Mmmm—the thing is Pam, I'm gonna be eating while I'm driving, so, I might as well get good at it. Wah!! Aggenda!! [laughs mischievously] Yeeeeahhhh! It's almost unbelievable! Well, you know how Andy has been really salting my onions, lately. Well, when he asked me to look up his ancestry online, I remembered that news story about Michelle Obama having white relatives, and I just knew he would eat that up! Pam, I barely know how to turn on my computer. [laughs] [whispers] Pam! [she pretends to slam a wrench over the tire service guy's head]. Oh, still, it must great to have something else going on outside of work. That is brilliant, Pam. I would love to see some of your work. That's amazing, Pam! Oh, I love the lion in the tuxedo! Ha ha! Okay. Great. Very funny. I get it. Just because my ancestors happen to be—[ringtone of Dixie plays]. Very funny, Kevin. Changed my ringtone. Very funny. I liked the original song on my ringtone, which, you may remember, was "Diamonds on the Soles of Her Shoes" by Paul Simon, featurinnnngg Lady Smith—African American—Mambazo. Mm. Ugh, looks like its pretend-y time again. Write back, "looking for dirt." Pam, I'm related to Tonya Harding. No! I'm just practicing my lyyiiinggg! [whispers] I love it. What should we say about Jim? My ex behaved like Nixon. All of the lying. None of the sexual charisma. [pauses] I just made a joke there. Oh no! Oh! An affair! It is always an affair! [sighs]. How can you be sure? [with a sigh] Okay. It's not real... until your wife is on board. That is quite an ugly wall, isn't it? Needs something, doesn't it? I'm thinking...a mural. Yes! You! You are soo talented! It's going to be my next special project. Hiring Scranton's most dangerous young muralist to paint the warehouse wall. Anything you have to say to her, you can say to me. She never loved you! I don't know what I was so worried about. I have the best wife in the world. I still can't believe he didn't tell me. [mocking] Oh, the wires need insulation. [normal voice] It's a wire people. I'm not buying it a fur coat. You people don't realize what you're asking. I'd have to rip open the walls. We'd have to shut this place down for a week. I'm gonna drive you up to the lake, give you a whole week on the water. Just you, me and the kids. You mean Laverne's Pies Tires Fixed Also? [Pam nods] Yes we will be doing that. We'll be getting a dozen. Why would you say that? I meant 4 apple, 4 blueberry, 2 cherry, 1 peach and 1 chocolate. I thought that was implied. What? [to Pam] I'm so sorry for all of this. I, I need to get to the paper please. [Reaching for overhead bin above Pam, papers fall and Pam has liquid spilled on her] I'll get you a napkin. Someone get napkins please! Laverne's Pies Tires Fixed Also. Shabooyah, role call. Shabooyah, yah yah shabooyah, role call. Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Dunder Mifflin road trip twenty twelve! [group takes pictures] Ah OK, now a serious one. If by lately you mean the last twelve years, yeah. He's just mad that we're all having fun. Are you kidding me? Dwight, come on! [Dwight's footsteps sound from the ceiling] Just drive away. Just.. Guys, we only have eighteen minutes left. At sixty one miles an hour we're just gonna barely make it. You know he's doing all this on purpose. OK. And they're all dangerously close to not getting pie. And there's only one guy who can save them. It's not me. It's pretty good actually. When you don't get out of the way! Out of the way! Oh, better than OK. [grabs Pam's shoulders] You know what honey? I'm gonna get you that rhubarb pie. Don't.. You don't have the guts. You stupid, dumb, doo doo face! [Oscar pies Kevin] Yes! We did it. Yeah. [Andy plays banjo] Hey guys. Pam, what are you? Cece's really into princesses now. So we decided to turn them into a positive female role models. Jim, come on. I thought we were past this. There's a big investment lunch today, so I decided to skip the costume. Gettin' a lot of mileage out of this, aren't ya? My Cornell a capella group. Are you sure you're okay with me putting in this much money. You're the best. Okay. I'll see you in a little bit. There's a madman in our midst. I'm sexy Toby. Oh Dwight, look, its just a pill, all right? It's for anxiety. I take it every day. And it makes me feel better. And maybe it could help you too. Oh man, it was great. They were great. I did, yeah. Uh, man, by the end I guess it was about... ten... Ten. It was the full ten. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's a good thing we talked about it though, because we had to... Yeah. What is it? Um, oh man, I don't actually know. [vocalizing] No, no, I had to. Look, I needed to look like a team player, Pam. [singing ‘I'll Be' directly to Pam] Pam. [singing] [singing] Angela, it's Halloween. You have to sing ‘Monster Mash'. Uh... Okay. We'll, just forget it. Because it is Halloween. So if you're going to sing a concert, it's a good idea to throw that one in. White, I'm not a day trader, I'm just a first responder in a disaster. And his brother, Walt Jr., locked himself in the wine cellar. Competent. I don't know what that means. Hey, hey- Yeah, she hosts the Dr. Laura Show. Yes the boat means everything to my family, but we need the money. Got the memories, don't need the boat. Can't cry about it. What are you gonna do? Cry about it? [chokes up] Excuse me. Well why don't I go and tell Dwight so he can stop being such a complete nipple. Vroom! Dunder Mifflin. Dunder Mifflin. Good. Sounds- [phone rings in break room, Dwight picks up] This is Dwight Shrute. Well, as it happens we have with us the foreman of your upstate New York paper mill, Sandra Mc...Sandra Mick [points to Pam] Let's get straight to the point. Is your paper toxic? Thank you Sandra! Whoa! I miss Clinton. Okay. With pleasure. Get ready to learn a few new tricks, old dog. He's absolutely right. I'm really struggling. [sighing] I will tell her what her needs are and then fill them. So this is going to work out best for you if you just relax and do nothing. And once I'm finished, it's over. What's happening in three months? Yes. That's impossible. Listening happens in the ear and in the brain. I mean, some organisms have external hairs that vibrate to indicate auditory stimulation but unfortunately, our external hairs don't vibrate at all. What are you doing? Kind of. Okay, yeah. This is a lost cause. It's hopeless. Ten years ago, I didn't care if Dwight got married or d*ed a beet-farming bachelor. But having kids makes you so soft. I used to watch Pulp Fiction and laugh, and now I'm like, that poor gimp is somebody's child. Look, I have no problem with women. It's businesswomen and their, their power suits and their shoulder pads. Don't lie about your shoulders! I had a barber once who used to comb my hair gently. Okay, I can do that. He used to fight dogs. Have a seat. Um, she will be right in. Uh... um she'll be right in. [to himself] Just a little off the top and then a nice combing. Yeah, just comb it. Oh, dear God in heaven. You son of a b*tch. You're f*ring me? Where the hell do you get off? Jim and I are pretty sure she had an affair with her ex-assistant Hunter. He was 17. But she looks great. If she asks, will you tell her I said that? Where's Wallace? Hey. Your daughter could be a bubble bath model. I could just bite her head off. [laughs] Okay. No, I do. Insightful, Pam. Yes, she is. Now, I may not have any instincts with women, but I have an instinct for sales. You keep her occupied. I'll be right back. Pam? I'm a very busy woman, so... [audio from slide show, singing] Mommy, you're a princess. Mommy, you're a superstar. Mommy you're the greatest. How can I ever fill your sho-o-o-es? Aw. [chuckles] Well, that -- that was -- that was me too. Cece can't spell her name. Well, it's not really much of a comparison, is it? I mean, "Cece" is two letters and "Astrid" is... I mean, there's even some adults who -- who -- who can't spell it. Can you spell it? Try to spell it, Pam. Don't patronize me. This could be the affair that you're scared of. Politicians are wonderful liars. You never know who they really are. [pause] But uh, he's probably not gay. He's straight. He's straight, so... Jan... You thought I had no more cards left to play. Well I've got one. Man-boy! The Ace of Babes. I don't recall. And yes, Molly is crap. [phone vibrates, rings] Oh and uh, Molly... I know it can't be easy working for Jan. Good luck with your feelings. Oh, I got her number. 415-YCL. That's all you need. And when I have curried favor with her, I will let you know. Well, well, well, it's finally happened. Pam has ceased caring. You got this, Beesley. Actually, do you want me to come down and help you get started? Today I will be asking David Wallace if I can start working part-time, because the sports marketing company that I started really needs me to be there. I could have prevented that. So I have to talk to Wallace. [sighs] Hey David, how would you like a guy who's not here as much, gets paid the same amount of salary, and has bigger fish to fry in Philadelphia? Wow! You paint wall now? You paint now. That's cheating. You? Little Miss Priss? You wouldn't fart on a butterfly. Remember, you're a scumbag, so you think scummy thoughts. Like this. Did she buy it? Were they angry? Yes! Well, a woman who struggled with obesity all her life. Oh, my God, thank you. [hugging both] Thank you. You paint very bad-- [Sighs] I'm having second thoughts about one of the shirts I packed. The blue one with the stripes. [Blows a weak whistle] Party planning cimmittee, emgergency meeting. Now. I could, sure. Have a seat. I would start at the beginning, but I think I need to go farther back. Let's do it! No. I don't want my name attached to this party. Just take her name off of everything.[Party Planning Committee walks out of The Conference Room] Yes! Yeah! [High Fives Jim] Yeah! Okay! Yes! It's a Christmas Miracle! [High Fives Pam] Yeah! Whoo-Hoo! Uh-huh. Uh, Oh. Best Christmas ever. That is gluhwein, otherwise known as glow-wine, also used to sterilize medical instruments. And, interesting factoid, this is the very spoon that guided my soft skull through the birth canal when I was born. Enjoy. [Comes running up at startles Pam] Somebody's found the hog maw. I don't know. Is it what you expected? Wow! It's my favorite part of Christmas. The authority. Huh. Ooh. Stop giggling. [In the parking lot, holding his side, walking to the taxi, Pam follows] Oh...what was that? Now I'm gonna be all whipped for my first day at work. God. [To taxi driver] One second. Oh... I'm probably never gonna see you again. Okay, sorry, sorry. Listen, thank you so much for putting that all together. That was the perfect last Christmas party. All right, wish me luck. I'll call you when I get in. All right. Love you.[Jim gets in taxi and it drives away] [At Meredtith] Boo! Everyone thought the food was gross, and that belsnickel was some darkly erotic freak. Jim couldn't even stay till the end of the party. I don't care. Guess how much I care on a scale of one to ten. But you can leave your arm.[Pete puts his arm back around Erin as she slides closer to him][Back at the party, Angela sits on Kevin's lap, everyone talking and enjoying the party] [Walks back into The Office] Yep, I did say that. What's going on? Where's the belsnickel? [Holds his finger to Jim's lips] Shh. Let's not speak of that. The Pig Rib! We could totally break the pig rib! I'm gonna dig it out of the trash! [High fives Jim] Good morning, Meredith. Oh, sorry, Pam. Yikes. [talking on phone] You sound tired. Everything ok? Uh, you know what, I gotta hop off because my, uh, taxi is here to take me to the meeting. Thanks! Me neither. Come here. [she hugs Darryl, and Darryl smiles behind her back] Jeez H. in the morning. Will you stop your nagging already? No wonder Jim left you. Yes. What? Lice? Oh my god. Lock the doors, we are on full quarantine. Should be. I use lice shampoo every morning. [Dwight starts spraying everyone with disinfectant] [getting her head checked] Geez Meredith, you know, this is an office not one of your bean bag orgies. [checking Pam's head] Yikers, lice. Yeah [kisses Darryl on the cheek] Alright, I'll stay! There's a pencil broken in my rolls. You gotta be kidding me. [shaving her own head] Yes, Pam what do you want? Baking a cake, what does it look like I'm doing? Getting rid of the lice. Oh, can you hold that thought? That's my wax. You know, I think these critters migrated from down south. What were you saying? Nothing. Excuse me? Ok, nobody panic. If everybody just follows my instructions, then nobody else needs to end up bald. Not that it looks bad, Meredith. It looks...It looks awesome. You look like a baby who suddenly aged 50 years. A cute baby, but something sucked the life force out of it. I'm so sorry. We need mayonnaise! We need it now. You're a saint, Pam. Thanks Pam! I'll take a pack of Nicorette gum and a pack of Kools. Right! [Jim laughs as he answers the phone] Hey, what's up? Everything ok? It's still happening right now actually, so uh... Yes, it is very stressful. You sure everything's okay? Uh, yeah. We promised each other if we ever got lice, we'd buddy up. Sorry, man. [putting mayo on Stanley's head] You're getting a bargain. I ain't got no hair no more. I'm sorry, Pam. It looks a little messy. Yeah, Kevin asked me out. I was kinda feeling good about reentering the dating pool, but then Kevin asked me out. Thought I might trade up to a new level of man. Then Kevin asked me out. [on speaker phone] Hi, honey, it's mom. Look, Cece's school just called. She still has lice. Shave her head. Shave her head! [talking through the loud speaker] She's right Pam. Yeah there's a volume knob on that thing. Well, a lot of good your sorrys are doing her now, Pam. She's a monster. [Jim's phone goes to voicemail] This is Jim Halpert, leave a message. Hey, what you doing right now? Let her stay another hour. Let's go get a beer. No duh. Let's go. You're buying. Forget about it. Right. I got the bartender's phone number when you were in the john. I'm gonna take that freak to bone town before the night is over. Get it, girl! [starts singing] I come... Heading to Philly. Interview with Jim's company. Why don't you come along and tell him yourself? Mhm. Cover that. What does that mean, exactly? What are we talking here? Details. What? Everything? What, how do I make sure it's in order? I [laughs] haven't been trained for this. I don't really have time to think about Pete right now. I just have a lot going on with this whole shipment of pens. And I have a lot of people trusting me, and I would feel super guilty if I broke anyone's trust. About the pens. I was born ready! No, I suck at interviews. I had Andy's job in the bag until my interview. Yeah, I guess... Thanks Dennis, I appreciate it. [To Pam] Hey! How are you? What are you doing here? Yes! Genius. Stupid, stupid genius! [to Pam] Are you cool to just hang out? By the way, Jim talks about you all the time. It's too bad he still hast to work part time in Scranton though... Yeah, yeah me too. I think it'd be like... You know what? [grabs basketball] I think it'd be like a Kevin Durant jump sh*t... Perfecto! [sh**t basketball at hoop on wall, basketball misses and lands in fish t*nk, k*lling the fish] Oh my god... So I'm like a three year old girl in this scenario... And I'd only get to see Jada on the weekends. You know, I'm... I'm not so sure I'd like living in Philadelphia. Who needs it? What? [Jim shrugs] How about yesterday? Oh, thank you. Yes, I love Philly! Two-One-Five or die! k*ll their fish, and they still hire me. That's how you do that, baby. It's all good, I'm ready. Y'all ready for this? [sings intro to "Everybody dance now", points to Pam to sing first line] Each one is very different, like a snowflake. You left me in charge of the pens, Pam. That's what happened. The pens happened. Gotta clear out these file cabinets people, a lot of these are dead accounts. "Scranton Mimeograph Corp?" I don't think we're doing business with them any time soon. That's odd.  A letter from Robert Dunder. "A valuable artifact has come into my possession. I have hidden it until such time as a person of strong intellect may safely recover it. This golden chalice is of immeasurable historical and religious significance." The Holy Grail. ...and finds the... fake grail? No grail? The warehouse. Hi. How are ya? Good to see you. Ooh, I haven't heard it. So, what about the Irish-American Cultural Center mural? Potato? I have no information. But I'm sure as soon as they know, they'll call you. Senator Lipton helped me submit my design for a new mural on a building downtown. Now I'm just waiting to hear from the selection committee. But, you know, let's be realistic. There are a ton of great artists in Scranton with way more experience. I mean, who are they gonna go with -- some nobody like me or a big name like Tracy Fleeb? Aw. Yeah. Hey. I was just about to call you. I am still in Philly, actually. It's insane. This huge investor got cold feet, so I'm stuck here trying to keep him on board. You're gonna do great. And you know what? Mommy's gonna record it. So we'll watch it together. Do you mind doing that, Pam? Okay. Are you sure you know how to do video on the phone? Okay, okay, you know, just sometimes you're not the best with the phone. Really? One, two, three. Shh! Yes, very rude. Oh, actually... uh, nope. That is my wife. Again, he'll be calling in any second. It's a youtube thing! Let's go. Let's go. Come on, they're coming. I'll watch it. Let's get this over with. Let's get this over with, Pam. Oh. Wait. What? [recorded on phone] Excuse me, I have to get back to work. Oscar, don't rub it in. I'm sure Pam is already kicking herself for choosing a phone call over her child. Well, it was an important phone call. Good night. Night, Creed.[cell phone rings] Hey. We lost Bridgeport Capital. I have no idea what happened. It's like everything I did, he just wouldn't go for it. I have no idea where we're gonna come up with this money, and we have to work insanely hard over the next few weeks. Can you figure out how to upload Cece's dance recital? I definitely could use a pick-me-up. You're not serious, are you? You didn't get any of the recital? Come on, Pam. Pam, I asked you if you could use the phone, and you swore that you knew how. Oh, great. So we'll see somebody else's kid with Cece in the background? I mean, it's really not that hard to film a video. Look, Pam, I don't know what to tell you. I mean, what do I do? It's gone. That moment's just gone. I missed it. You're not serious, right? I mean, how is that fair? I'm in Philly. These are my days in Philly. You've agreed to this. I don't know how else to tell you, okay? I'm doing everything I can every week to bring home something... I'm doing this just for me? Is that what I'm doing? I'm doing it just for me. If that's what you think, then this is a really sad night. But you know what? I got to go. Okay? We'll talk tomorrow? Okay. I'll talk to you tomorrow. Hey, you okay? Give her a minute. Give her a minute. Hey, it's just a tough situation, all right? Yeah. Let's turn the cameras off. Seriously, guys. Enough. Enough.  Yeah, hold on a sec. [in background] Dunder Mifflin, this is Erin. Sure, anytime. Uh, how about you and Jim? Everything squared away? Pam, phone call. Will do. Rolf is my best friend, and he is the man. Cool, calm, and collected 24/7. Just try and rattle Rolf. I dare you. Such a sweet guy. I'm talking to him this afternoon, but don't get your hopes up. I'm sure he's just nervous. Just – I don't wanna make assumptions based on people's physical appearances. Yeah, but Jim, Dwight's a weirdo. We can't blame a weirdo for bringing in weirdos. We can blame a normal for creating a situation where a weirdo was allowed to bring in weirdos. Why you make trees into bushes? You don't make paper from bushes. Thank you. What's up good lookin'? Trust me, this is the least of all evils. It took me all day to pull this off, so you should be thrilled, considering. Okay. I'm really sorry I told the guys I'd be there for the board meeting. I'll call you when I get there. All right. Hey, Pam, I'm going to the kitchen. You want anything? [scoffs] Who, me? Absolutely, I do. [giggles] Okay, yeah, I know what to do. Okay. Oh, that's great. Welcome to the club, pig! [laughs] [exiting Darryl's office] Ha, ha, ha! Darryl, you are too much! [to Phyllis] That guy's hilarious. He's here today. [giant teddy bear is viewed in Darryl's office] I love Jim. I love that he hooked me up with a job. It's just, he uses old t-shirts as wash rags. He doesn't wash his dishes. Apparently, they need to [quote-unquote fingers] soak... He hooked me up with a job. [ascends on lift, using megaphone] Attention, everyone. Can I have your attention, please? Yeah, I don't know everybody's name down here, but whoever did this will you please raise your hand. [no one replies] Hello? This is not over. OK? I will stay up here all day if I have to. Is that what you want? [descends on lift] Yeah, I will also come down if I want to. It's my choice. Yeah! You don't have the clearance to call a conference room meeting. You're telling me, David Wallace asked you to call a super secret, classified conference room meeting? Let's go everyone. Super secret, classified conference room meeting, now! I thought that's what you were doing. Oh. They used worse paint than your paint? I thought you wanted paint on the whole thing. Pam, what can be done? I was politely saying nothing can be done. I thought I was clear. David Wallace called this meeting? Sure did. I was as surprised as you, but apparently, he is very passionate about public art. Pam, I'll help you. If there's anything I hate worse than art, it's crime. I am in too, Pam. Yes, of course. I believe in you. I believe in your art. And I am bored. Great. Well, this is getting us nowhere. We just need a pretense to talk to him. We could tell him that his mother is dying. That usually works on him. [holds up phone] Nate. Your mother is dying. [Nate reacts with grief] Gum's gotten mintier lately. Have you noticed? Like, some of it's just too minty. It's like they're literally trying to hurt... [points at Warehouse Worker Frank] He did it. So, Frank. Do you have any thoughts about what was done? By you? I'm sorry I didn't like your crappy doodles. I drew a butt. Big deal. Butts are funny. Well, maybe if you got the stick out of yours. You know what? You people can't f*re me. So, screw you. [exits] There were two or three 'sorry's in there. [mumbles along with Nellie] Oh, your little feelings party didn't work out? Huh? Who won the hugging contest? Oh, let me guess. Everyone tied for first. Wait. Are you saying... He messed with something that was important to you. We need to mess with something that's important to him. A little eye for an eye action. Go all Hammurabi on this clown. I know just the man for the job. [looks at Clark] OK, boss. [quietly] Pam, you know this is ridiculous, right? Like you're smarter than this. This is never gonna work. Go move some paper! He's not my hire, but I know who he is. What? Is he retiring? You getting him a gift or something? I know he loves his pick up truck. Great. Get the plate number. Hey. While I got you on the phone, your husband's like a sloppy, homeless hobo. Can you fix that? Smile. [Angela attempts to get in front of Oscar as pictures are taken] Yeah. Frank draws a butt on your mural, I'm drawing your mural on Frank's truck's butt. Eye for an eye, mamacita. Let's see yours. This is amazing! Frank! And he's leaving a trail of poops? I saw that. That's great! Good. I'm glad you feel better. This has been a wonderful day. I have to say, I like hanging out with a vengeful b*tch. Ugh! Don't sympathize. You're ruining the mood. Back to work. Draw his penis. [exiting building and approaching Pam] Lady! My truck? You had no right! It's a $40,000 truck! Hey, hey, hey! [knocks Frank down with boom microphone] You are like a terrible person. These guys care about you and you're just using them. Again, the food was very good. [Oscar and Angela exit looking pleased] No. No, it's... It's all good. I knew what I was doing. It's... I'm sorry about your mural, though. I mean, because you put so much into that. No. You, you worked hard on that. That guy's an animal. I'm glad they're f*ring him too. Look. I don't, I don't wanna put myself where I don't belong. If you ever need me, you just call me. And I'll be there for you.  It's like magic. Or, it's like me getting on my hands and knees and begging my partners to switch a Tuesday for a Thursday. By the way, they do need an extra day next week. [interrupting] Stop talking 'bout it. I said I'm fine with it. They are terrible. Oh my god. That's so romantic. Oh my god. That's less romantic. Yeah, yeah. No, totally. That's good. So, should we just get a bottle of wine later and celebrate? Hey. Oh, uh, no problem. I finished all the bread. What? It's, uh, great to see you guys. Thanks for coming. It's fine. What are you gonna do, you know? But, if you guys know of any work, I'm fully available. That's... OK, great. Does he pay well? Uh, yeah. Um, you know, Alyssa's, she's not gonna make it today. Yeah. That's the thing. When we were fighting, it weirdly felt like the relationship was still alive. And, it wasn't until we stopped fighting that, we realized that it was over. You know, it's over. [overcome by emotion] I'm sorry, this is... oh my god, OK. [to Pam] We have to stop seeing each other like this. We have to find a different way to communicate other than breaking down in front of each other. [appears approaching group, shaved and in a suit] What's going on in here, dirty players? Let's get back to busting some paper rhymes. Come on. [singing] Who's that girl? Who's that girl? It's Andy! [resumes talking] All right. Back to work. I don't know. I thought that was a little weird. You told me Brian got fired for the whole warehouse thing. And you intentionally left out a kind of major, intimate detail. I don't know, Pam, I guess I just feel like a chump. Who knows less about his marriage than the sound guy. Yeah, well. Yeah, OK. Well, then thank you. Thanks to both of you. No, you're right. And, and I'm not mad at Brian. And to be honest, I probably don't have any reason to be mad at all because I wasn't there. So, let's just forget about it. You know what? Maybe we should cancel that bottle of wine tonight. Yeah. I just feel like I got a bunch of stuff to do in Philly and I'm sure you have stuff to do. So we can just... I don't know, drop me at the bus station? I just feel like we're gonna fight. So... how 'bout let's not? Oh, um. [pulls item from bag and hands to Pam] Happy Valentine's Day. Sorry, I didn't have time to wrap it. Yeah, yeah. No problem. You really wanna fight on Valentine's Day? I'm the same way with horny people. Yes. Pete and I have started seeing each other and Andy still doesn't know. We thought that keeping it secret was more considerate to him. And hot for us. I mean I saw Pete's butt. It's sick. [taking paper from Kevin] Oh that's mine! Um, I'll just, I'll get it out of the way for you. Where are you going? It just occurred to me that Andy has been calling me Plop for so long, he forgot my real name. Which is Pete. Hey! There she is. [Pam laughs] How you doin? You look great. Yeah. Gotta go, VIP just walked through the door. It's a phone? Of course, anything for Team Halpert. You're gonna crush it, Pam. You are gonna crush it. Wow, I missed you. [touches headset] Call you right back. What were you saying? I've gotta go, but you know what? Team Halpert, ok? You're gonna crush it, you're gonna smash it.[Pam laughs] OK, good luck! ...[singing] talking Chester avenue, talking triplex, talking converting...Is that her? Hey guys! Say something. Hi, I'm Mark. I'm the horrible boss around here, but please don't hire Jamie Foxx to k*ll me. D'Jango! I don't agree with the use of the "N" word in that movie. It's, it's too soon. Oh, hi. They call me Marky Mark around here, because here at Simon Realty, we are one funky bunch! Come on you guys, raise the roof when I say that! I- what are you all temps again today? Let's go, Gangnam style. [laughs] He's heard Gangnam style, he knows it. Right? That's cause he's American. This is Carl. Uh, he's from here. Our neck of the woods. But Gangnam style is great, isn't it? Step this way for The Spanish Inquisition! [laughs] Kids in the Hall. Just, it's not high pressure. Just a little Coffee Talk. Ok? Like butta. Come on in here. Mike Myers. This is a tiny resume. Papa Smurf! Come back to the mushroom. [Pam laughs] From The Smurfs movie. What does this say here? To ti te per tat... what language is this? Swahili? Oh wait a second, now I can read it. You're a good audience. [Pam laughs] Unlike some of these people around here. Yeah, we don't have a lot of call for doodling around here. But I like this resume and here's why. It shows that you stick around. Yeah. You don't jump ship easily. Like a lot of these people. I mean they worship me you know? But do they like me? I mean...you think they like me, Pam? [gets guitar] What if Bob Dylan was your boss? I'm gonna do Dylan! [playing guitar and imitating Bob Dylan] Pam Halpert is my name, and I've been at Dunder Mifflin for seven years? Eight years? Eight years, man. Got the Dunder Mifflin blues. Got the Pam Halpert blues. Got the pra- went to the Pratt Institute...You have children? Nothing to see here! Boss at work. This will be your desk. Right up front. Best seat on the roller coaster, you must be this tall to ride this ride. No pregnant women allowed. Are you? Uh, yeah I don't- not allowed to ask. So... You're not. I didn't ask her if she was pregnant. She just offered it. The last three girls here all got pregnant. Don't be afraid, it's a different chair. I don't want a guy up here. I want to you know, see a woman come in and do a great job. Something that, I have to look out this window, I want someone- It is. Yeah, you would uh manage this office. Answer the phones and forward the calls and uh you know, go for a coffee run now and again. Yeah, like a receptionist, but we call you the office manager because uh, it's less demeaning. By the way, how long are these uh, cameras gonna be following you around? Because I think this is pretty cool. Pretty pretty cool. Larry David, Curb Your Enthusiasm. Do you like that show? Well, I think they indulge themselves a little too much. I like scripted. He's doing it. Hey, how'd the interview go? I can't wait to hear about it later. Do you want to come in at eight? And uh, don't eat because I'm ordering in. I'll make it worth your while, I promise. Alright, love you. That's what Mose said about his lady scarecrow and look what he did to that poor thing. Hey! Back here. Si, senor. Oh man. I'm so sorry. Are you alright? Are you kidding? We're in Philly. We're having dinner together. And this is just consolation champagne. It's from the part of France that immediately gave up to the n*zi. Here. Alright, yes. That is a legitimate question. Does making Erin and Pete feel bad make me feel better? [Erin & Gabe and Alice & Pete argue in background] Yeah. Yeah, it does. Tell me about the cologne. How much? You're definitely hoarding this by the way. Austin Powers. Ferris Bueller. Not Night at the Roxbury. I'm sorry, how did you think I was expected to guess that? It's fascinating. That's amazing. Well, listen. You can't win 'em all, right? So, next interview has to be better. What do you mean? Of course it will. You're amazing. [long pause] Huh. This is a little out of left field. I am dressed according to the Schrute codes of mourning. My aunt Shirley has d*ed. [to Pam] Who's this guy? Actually, they have a specific way I need to do this. And, I have to go through examples of stuff. OK. Uh, where to begin. [to Pam] Hey. Pam-pam and her pam-pams. Wow. I have said some crude things about those. But, they are beautiful. And, I guess that's why I acted out. Pam, I'm sorry I objectified you. And, personified your breasts. Sorry, guys. [to Phyllis] Oh boy. I have not been nice to you. Philly, I'm sorry for the things I said about your size. To your face, behind your back, and in the form of drawings. Actually, that goes to all you double XLs. Stanley, Kevin, [points to Clark] this kid in a few years. Why can't I just be nice? Truth is, I really like you guys. I really do. OK. The apology's just half of it. The big thing is making amends. And, that's why I brought these. I went out to the Steamtown Mall and I got you all cupcakes. From that place 'Nipples'. Huh. The mind sees what it wants to, huh? [hands cupcake to Erin] There you go. [after Dwight opens coffin and begins f*ring into it] That's it for me. [exits] I agree. Even though that place has a way of making those cupcakes so they're dense. But, they're also really fluffy. I did. I did, yes. And it was purely political. He did nothing wrong. They do. It's awful. And, it's getting worse every day. You don't know that. James Bond was a spy. I am going through a twelve-step program. I'm currently on step zero. Which is have a [expletive] of fun. I spent six hours carefully removing the frosting and then layering in a variety of dr*gs, some legal, some not. Some laxative, some constipating. You don't f*re the Pac-Man and expect to get away with it. What, Pam? He's gone. It's just a cupcake now. I never met him. [looking disheveled] Hey. I don't care what you do, Pam. Just please stop making noise. Packer laced the cupcakes. Some of us got both. [raises hand] Nope. I did not see you either. [as Pam attempts to throw cupcake away] Ah. [stops Pam and takes cupcake] Uh oh. She's doing it again. It's p*rn. Somebody just needs to get her attention, tell her it's not OK to do this in public. Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait a minute. Why is Phyllis so aroused? Dwight is dating a brussel sprout farmer named Esther. She's coming here this afternoon with her father. Who knows? Maybe she'll be pulling the horse cart! [laughs] Oh man. [laughs] Oh boy, please don't. Let's not let that happen. What was I gonna- What was I gonna say? Not that Ryan Howard. Um, the Phillies' first baseman. Yeah, yeah. Exactly. Yeah. So, uh, I'll uh, talk to you later? Ok great. Bye. [Pam smiles as she watches the promo with her and Jim on the roof] Oh my god, is that you and Jim? Jeez, you fell in love with that hair? Really? [laughs] Yikes. That is awful. I guess men find Esther attractive. I mean if there are chubby chasers, then there are men that like that....thing. Hey guys, I just found another promo. It's in Danish. I guess it's gonna start airing in Denmark. Ok, Pam. Why don't you visit your buddy, the crew guy that got fired? Find out what they got. Yeah. Oh, hey! Hi. [laughs] No, no, please, yeah, come on in. It's good to see you. Sorry, my place is usually not this- Yeah, no, I- actually it's always like this. [laughs] Do you want to go outside? It's a little less cluttered out there. Let me grab a couple drinks. Alright, that's for you. [hands her beer] Cheers. So... What brings you by? Oh yeah, that's right. Yeah, it is. Oh yeah, that was, that was a good moment. Yeah, it was cool. Um... No no, it's- No, you're not crazy. Yeah. They want to know how much what? Pretty much everything. They've got parabolic mikes, they can pick you up a hundred yards away, so...no if you were around there, they got you. That's not really true, I mean- Oh no, hang on a second. Pam, I'm sorry, I- I- I can explain this so much better. [Speaks Danish] Your morning 3-by-5. Coming right up. Oh, your mom's watching the kids tonight. So what are you two up to? [chuckles] Oh, um, Embassy Suites. "Do Not Disturb" sign on the door. Mommy and Daddy are on the floor. [chuckles] What, then? Marriage counseling? Did you know that is the only kind of counseling I have never had? Mmm. He might start by asking each of you, "Why do you think you're here?" If I didn't do certain things without telling Pam, she'd be married to Roy. [chuckles] New plan, okay? We get him a cup of coffee and we go back to the old plan. Let's go! Gimme a hand. Here we go. Come on, Stanley! Here we go. Upsie-doozie. There we go. Okay, all right. Come on, big guy. You can walk, right? Yeah. What a pretty smile. Let's go. Ow! Ow! [crying] I'm sorry! Hey. I just wanted to say that you woke up early with the kids and let me sleep and I really appreciate that. Thank you. I appreciate that you appreciate that. No shame in that. Get it all out in the open. Yes, we are supposed to look for every chance to acknowledge and appreciate each other's sacrifices. Because I need to appreciate what Pam's been doing to run the house while I'm in Philly. Mmhm. Heads up everyone. If you really need something from me today, let's get it done tomorrow. Carla Fern got me a gig. An Earl Grey tea for the lady. Thank you. I like being appreciated. But, to speak my truth, it wasn't out of the way because I felt like a tea anyway. So, one trip. Sorry. Sorry. I'm going to go upstairs and just... Well, you know how much I appreciate the opportunity to hang out with your mom more. So let me just put this in my calendar. Thank you. Your mom is a treasure. Hey that's work, hold on. Hey Wade, did Cole Hamels call back or what? Great. Good. Ok to speak my truth, that was a little sarcastic. I think that's a little unfair. Are you guys high? Because if so, to speak my truth, I would appreciate the sacrifice of including me in some hits off your kind buds. We're not high. I know this was really weird, and it was really hard. But I think we're making progress. So I'm really sorry that I have to go but let's keep at this. Ok? Ok. [intense moment where Jim leaves and Pam seems conflicted. She notices his umbrella and runs out to follow him] Thanks. Bye. Faith, hope and love. But the greatest of these is love. [Pam kisses Jim] I'm taking some time off from work—well, my other work—because we needed it. It's great. But that doesn't matter. This does. It's the only thing that matters. We've had some really nice days together. Right. Well, I'm here to sell paper. All right, Jim, look, I just got made junior salesman. Right? And—and Wallace is here today. And I don't him to just think of me as a customer service rep that sits in the annex. I mean, you can get that, right? Right? And what do you need more face time with Wallace for? You trying to get a second second job here? What? I wasn't fired. What are you talking about? I'm fired up, yes. Guys, I'm—I'm leaving to pursue my lifelong dream of being famous. Hey, are you still in charge of office supplies? I seem to have sticky not emergency where I grab it on the wrong end, and this happens. If you could help me out, that would be— Anything would help. Oh, also, while you're at it, if you did have a salt packet, three tacks and some aspirin, that would be great. Oh, wow. You have that. Wow, that's— I know, Dwight. I know. [reaches out to shake Dwight's hand, Dwight hugs him] Okay. Okay. All righty. You're gonna do great. Wow, hey. What's up? Okay. Really? Yeah, totally you did. I need you to stay right here while you think about it. All right? I'm gonna wait. I'm sure you did not. What was your question? Well, then, I should figure out things to do while I'm waiting. Look who's back. Actually, maybe we should go on a double date some time. That'd be fun. Well, how about Thursday? Weeknights are actually tough just because— [from atop his desk] Creed Bratton is the new manager! [nobody responds] Dwight's the new manager. He freaking did it. You're an annex kid. You might be bullpen, we'll see. Give it a couple of years. Scram. Pre-conference room meeting with Dwight went really well. All depends on the conference room meeting itself. [phone chimes] Uh, okay. Yeah. The guys at Athlead are still bugging me about this three month roadshow thing. Meeting athletes on their home turf, building relationships. Yeah, it sounds exciting. But I said no, and that's final. I almost lost Pam over this business. I'm not risking that again. Let's not get crazy and ruin our no-nonsense streak, all right? So, for instance, if you're expecting a fax today, please don't yell out, "Michael J. Fax from Fax to the Future." Ok? That's nonsense. Yes, beautiful girl in the front. Big time. Nothing. Aw, heck ya! Okay, Pam. What song is running through my head right now? Yep. Take care. Hey. No, no, I'm not here actually. These donuts are part of my escape from the guys at the warehouse I didn't say goodbye to. We livin' like rock stars. I'm about to eat free steaks with my sports heroes in 32 different cities. Jim really doesn't want to come? Wow. Man. I hope he doesn't regret it. Jim is happy here, selling paper at Dunder Mifflin? Hey. You all right? What's going on? Yes, I'm happy. Yeah. What? Pam. This was my decision, not yours. You didn't force me. You did not force me to do this. I don't know how else to tell you. Resent you? Hey, you want me to take the little diaper blaster? Pam can attest, there's no one better at getting brats to shut their yaps. Yes. Jim. I'm not kidding. I need you. You watched it. Well, then I guess you're ready for this. [gives her the Christmas card] It's from the teapot. Everything you'll ever need to know is in that note. [Pam reads the card] Not enough for me? You are everything. It's a colloquial way of saying "you're fired," Kevin, which you are. I'm...good. And Dwight is imitating Japanese business practices for reasons he explained to us in Japanese. [whispering] Yes. My heart is so open, I am so at peace. [scoffs] Look at Meredith. She's disgusting. Those feet. They're like the paws of an orangutan. And Jim will say nothing. Hey, Pam! How are you? Mm-hmm. Whoo, whoo, whoo. What? [knock at the door] Okay. Mom? No, no, no, no. Just do your wok. Pretend mom's not here. Okay... Am I the only one that's nervous? How are you doing with this? Should we have bailed? Uh, Jim, that DVD in the last episode was so romantic. And, um, I think we'd all love to know, Pam, what romantic thing did you do to pay Jim back for leaving Athlead? All I can say is, if I had Jim, he would have a free pass to do anything. I mean if I lucked into that... he could do anything. Anything. Pam, what was in that teapot letter? Um, you know what, I actually didn't handle that move, uh, very gracefully. From not communicating to being a little selfish. Like Harry Potter. Thanks. [knees buckle] Oh. Ouch. You gave your baby an allergic reaction just to talk to me? [they kiss] Michael has so many pictures of his kids he had to get two phones with two numbers and he pays two bills. [with Michael] Oh, my gosh, it's choreographed! [dancing with Pam] [sobbing] There he is! What's going on? No, really, what's going on? Sorry, how long have you been showing the house? That's why it's so clean. I mean, you were gonna do this without me? Oh... okay. Where would we go? I promise you, you don't have to do this for me. [to the buyer] Hold on a second. [to Pam] The last few months have meant the world to me and all I care about... You wanna do this? You really want to do this? What? All right! Thank you David. Uh, could I please have your attention? So a year ago, I got my first art commission to paint a mural for Dunder Mifflin and I decided to paint the history of paper...,which was just some trees and stuff. And then someone spray painted a bunch of butts on it and I had to start from the beginning. But it all worked out for the best because I think that I've painted the perfect thing which is the history of us. All of us. And this is for you Jim. [applause] And go ahead! [drape drops and everyone cheers] Yes! [answering the phone] Dunder Mifflin, This is Pam. Oh, I'm sorry. Jim Halpert doesn't work here anymore. Hey! [on the computer] You're probably sitting there wondering what will be your mark. What will you be known for? It might surprise you to learn... Athleap. Don't be an idiot. It's for the severance. The best I can do one month for every year you've been here. That's the max. I sold paper at this company for 12 years. My job was to speak to clients on the phone about quantities and types of copier paper. Even if I didn't love every minute of it, everything I have, I owe to this job. This stupid...wonderful...boring...amazing job. It's a colloquial way of saying "you're fired," Kevin, which you are. I'm...good. And Dwight is imitating Japanese business practices for reasons he explained to us in Japanese. [whispering] Yes. My heart is so open, I am so at peace. [scoffs] Look at Meredith. She's disgusting. Those feet. They're like the paws of an orangutan. And Jim will say nothing. Hey, Pam! How are you? Mm-hmm. Whoo, whoo, whoo. What? [knock at the door] Okay. Mom? No, no, no, no. Just do your wok. Pretend mom's not here. Okay... Am I the only one that's nervous? How are you doing with this? Should we have bailed? Uh, Jim, that DVD in the last episode was so romantic. And, um, I think we'd all love to know, Pam, what romantic thing did you do to pay Jim back for leaving Athlead? All I can say is, if I had Jim, he would have a free pass to do anything. I mean if I lucked into that... he could do anything. Anything. Pam, what was in that teapot letter? Um, you know what, I actually didn't handle that move, uh, very gracefully. From not communicating to being a little selfish. Like Harry Potter. Thanks. [knees buckle] Oh. Ouch. You gave your baby an allergic reaction just to talk to me? [they kiss] Michael has so many pictures of his kids he had to get two phones with two numbers and he pays two bills. [with Michael] Oh, my gosh, it's choreographed! [dancing with Pam] [sobbing] There he is! What's going on? No, really, what's going on? Sorry, how long have you been showing the house? That's why it's so clean. I mean, you were gonna do this without me? Oh... okay. Where would we go? I promise you, you don't have to do this for me. [to the buyer] Hold on a second. [to Pam] The last few months have meant the world to me and all I care about... You wanna do this? You really want to do this? What? All right! Thank you David. Uh, could I please have your attention? So a year ago, I got my first art commission to paint a mural for Dunder Mifflin and I decided to paint the history of paper...,which was just some trees and stuff. And then someone spray painted a bunch of butts on it and I had to start from the beginning. But it all worked out for the best because I think that I've painted the perfect thing which is the history of us. All of us. And this is for you Jim. [applause] And go ahead! [drape drops and everyone cheers] Yes! [answering the phone] Dunder Mifflin, This is Pam. Oh, I'm sorry. Jim Halpert doesn't work here anymore. Hey! [on the computer] You're probably sitting there wondering what will be your mark. What will you be known for? It might surprise you to learn... Athleap. Don't be an idiot. It's for the severance. The best I can do one month for every year you've been here. That's the max. I sold paper at this company for 12 years. My job was to speak to clients on the phone about quantities and types of copier paper. Even if I didn't love every minute of it, everything I have, I owe to this job. This stupid...wonderful...boring...amazing job. You know generally it's not a good idea to click on offers that you haven't requested. What was the exact offer? Yeah, what kind of video? Really, what kind of celebrity? How much did you pay for it? You paid for it? I broke up with Karen after the job interview, and uh... it was a little awkward when she came back from the city. She told me, very clearly, just because we were broken up didn't mean she was going anywhere, because she worked really hard for her career. But the next day her desk was empty, and as for me and my current romantic life, I uh... I'm single now and looking, so if you know anybody. Are you kidding me? Oh that sounds fun. I'm mountain biking on Sunday. On Montage Mountain. Yeah. Yes. She has a slight pelvical fracture, but, ah... people have survived far worse. Who was driving? Did you get sick of that face? Did she owe you money? Uh-oh. Is this downsizing? Did she spurn your advances? Who's we, you and Jim? Oh, I bet Jim goes too. Oh, I bet you ask? I bet you were. I have to give her her meds, I have to pet her, and who will she eat lunch with? There's bad blood, jealousies, cliques. Oh good, so we don't have to work. So, like a freedom tree. Pam. Pam. Ok, good good, so we'll just all go down there together at lunch. Excellent! Good work Pam. Come on. [starts to climb onto the bed with meredith. [still sobbing] OK, you know what? Everybody, let's just get over the whole Meredith thing. She cracked her pelvis, a tiny little cr*ck. She going to be fine, so let's just... No, I did not violate an Indian burial ground. In fact I had some good luck recently, Alfredo's Pizza, picked my business card out of the basket, so... uh, I got a week of free pies. Alright. Oh? I will do some research. [Pam walks out of the office into the parking lot alone. Kevin pops up from the back seat of his car as if spying] Oh well, if they aren't together now, then they probably never will be. I thought they'd be good together, like PB&J. Pam Beasley and Jim. What a waste. What - A - Waste! [Pam's car pulls out of parking lot and then off to the side of the road] I told you I'm not dating anyone. And even if I was, I don't think it's anyone's business. I mean, when I do fall in love, like when it's for real, the last person I'm gonna talk about it too is a camera crew, or my co-workers. [Jim gets into the passenger side] Almost marrying Roy Anderson was as close to Pamela Anderson as I ever want to be. [Jim leans over and kisses Pam] Trust me, when I fall in love, you'll know. Pro-Am. Pssst. I'm having relationship problems. And since you're always having relationship problems, I thought you'd be able to give me some advice. I have this crazy thought, that I know is crazy. That maybe Dwight k*lled my cat. When I got home, Sprinkles' body was in the freezer where Dwight said he left her, but all my bags of frozen french fries had been clawed to shreds. Something's not right. The vet's doing an autopsy. Did Roy ever k*ll one of your cats? So what's your strategy for this race? Mm-hmm. What? Why won't more people do that? [laughs] [Pam and Jim watch video of their kiss on the tv] Oh, ah... No that's not... I mean that wasn't, ah... I mean I can see how it would seem a bit like we uh... How it looks like um... I mean now a days you can edit anything, right? I mean you can edit anything to look like um... anything. Right! Wow! There it is. We have raised, almost $700.00, most of it from me and Jan. Um... when do they put that on the giant check? Or is that something that we write in later? Yeah, I mean I personally am definitely on board for the giant check. You didn't contribute very much. I was also hoping to hand the giant check to a rabies doctor. And how's that been going? Which we are. What about a rabies nurse? Have you met that kid? He's not going to college. Come in. What are you doing? No I didn't, just please don't... Oh my God. Baquette. Eww. I can imagine. May I enter the room? Yes, but I have an office, so why would I do that. European offices are naked all the time. Besides my shirt tail covered most of it so... Alright. So I heard that you were peeping on Michael. I've walked 2 marathons. Pretty sure I can handle a 5k. Key is drafting, eliminate wind resistance. [running right behind Kevin] Oh, would you look at that. Ooo! An estate sale. Wanna go in? OK, but what if I told you all the money you spend here, goes to preventing a disease that's already been cured. That's what I thought. Don't touch me Dwight! [runs off crying] ...talk about it. Wow! You are a downer. We were having a pretty nice day. You are? That's a good deal. Pam, if everybody felt that way, nothing would get done. You just don't think I am capable, of making a difference. Hey. Oh wow, thank you. I'm just gonna grab some chips, you want some? You guys! Yes! Yes! Ohh.. [Michael goes to hug Pam, phone rings] No. [tries to hide piece of paper, but Pam grabs it] Blowing up balloons I thought. [reading sign] Oh, is... Ryan coming back today? I don't want Garbage! I want Sprinkles! [walks away] Oh. Oh, OK. Great. [Jim and Pam walk away] Hey! Swore I wouldn't tell anyone this, but in the interest of revealing secrets. Oh my God, this will make your brain explode. Umm, Dwight and Angela dating. Have been for six months. Swear to God. [Pam shakes her head]. Aww this is great. I was actually gonna wait and tell you on your birthday, but this is much more fun. Wait. What? [Pam nods her head] You knew? And you didn't say anything? Fair enough. Wow! We should have started dating like a long time ago. I couldn't see your hands. [Jim shakes his hands] Hey Pam, by the way, it's great that you're dating. But when a new client calls, you just have to randomly assign them to a sales person. You can't base who gets new clients on who you're sleeping with that week, OK? Hi, Pam. Is Michael in? Is there another meeting scheduled, I was gonna do the Blackberry tutorial in here. Why do you have the Big picture up again? You used that already, when you b*rned your foot. I was going to put up some new pictures, but umm, all of the ink in the printer was gone. Inspirational. What have we learned? Well, we have learned that you can't teach an old dog new tricks, because it's illegal, and you will go to jail. [Pam raises hand] Hey guys. This is my, uh, girlfriend, Amy. Hey, Amy. How ya doing? Have a great day! Hey. Alright I just have to ask now that we're public, um, is the magic gone? I knew it. Oh man, just like that huh? Be honest. That's honest. [sighs] Alright, fair enough. It was really fun while it lasted though, wasn't it? For me, it was. Hey Pam. I haven't settled on our final design logo yet for Dunder Mifflin Infinity and I know you're into graphic design. Do you want to give it a sh*t? Maybe try and deisgn the logo? Cool, that would be great. Um, can you do a couple mock ups and I'll take a look? Thank you very much. Cool. OK. Take a stand! I like it a lot. It's clear and subtle at the same time. It's really good, you have a real talent for this stuff. I'd love to talk to you about it more. Do you want to go out to dinner tonight? Wear something nice. What? I just... I just wanted to have dinner. You're kidding? That's... great, I... that's awesome. [grabs paper with mockups] So let me um, let me look at these. Cool. There's this cube on the screen, and it bounces around all day, and sometimes it looks like it's heading right into the corner of the screen, and at the last minute it hits a wall and bounces away. And we are all just dying to see it go right into the corner. Pam claims that she saw it one day when she was alone in the conference room. Okay. I believe she thinks she saw it. Alright... Oh, does he? I won't be watching, and I won't. What? Three reams! Yoohoo... in your face, machines. Okay. I had um, one of those danishes. You had carbs? That's awful. Oh I'm sorry. What? Nope. Definitely not. If anything it was a tie. [on monitor] Here's a suggestion computer. I assume you read... Hello, Pam. Hey. Do you have any men that you can fix me up with? I would like to have a relationship with a man. Yup. You don't have to say it like that. Thank God. Hey, quick question. If I take a pizza, do you think you could take some sodas and some napkins up to the roof? Do you remember what you said to me on my first day of work, just before you walked me over to my desk? And that's when I knew. You? That was the moment that you knew you liked me? Wow, can we make it a different moment? A toast, better make it good. To avoiding a class two felony charge. Coat! [throws coat at Pam] Steak! Where's my steeaaak? Get me Armani. On the phone. I owe you an apology. Yeah. It was awesome. Big surprise ending. Won't ruin it for you. Meryl Streep is the bad guy. Never see it coming. Anyways, if I was mean in any way to you, I am sorry. I just want what's best for you, Mo Chuisle. It's just that you say it's gonna cost what it costs--- [phone rings] I'm not telling you anything. [lookings into the camera] Permits are pending. [phone rings] Dwight Schrute, Dunder Mifflin. Okay, this is a mis-use of company phones. Where did you read that? How many in your party? Darn it! No, can't. I wouldn't understand or a secret? I can't believe this place is real. I mean, I've heard about his beet farm for years, but wow. The Beets Motel? That is, wow. How are you doing this? I don't know! [Mose starts running by the left side of the car] We have three rooms, each with a different theme. American, Irrigation, and Night-Time. Hmmm, I'd say 1 in 6. [Jim and Pam hear noise] Wait, you're going up there? Yeah. Coward. What's so captivating? [everyone stops talking, go back to work] I like captivating things. And this must be really captivating because it's keeping you off the phones. I mean time is your money, that's how I know how captivating it is. Because how much time you spend talking. Good night. I don't know. Is he right about that? So. Me. All night. Dreaming about Angela's smoking hot body. Not from a male perspective. You need to set me up with her, I know she told you that she's looking, and she's totally not responding to my moves. I have moon-walked past accounting like ten times. Yeah. Really? Well, maybe you should look in the smart part of your brain. Okay, well I come from a line Wasps so long it leads back to Moses. Yeah, and I punched a hole in a wall. Yeah. What'cha talking about? [camera pans to each face in the break room] Okay, I know what's going on. You're talking about Jim and Pam, if they're having sex, what it looks like, I know, I think--- Oh, I hate monkeys. I don't have a second job. Maybe I'm having an affair with Suzanne Summers. How do they do this so fast? Is this power-point? Maybe you should. Whatever. The dawn goose walk will tug at your heartstrings. You will never want to leave your room. I'm glad you enjoyed your stay. [to Andy] You may ask me out to dinner. Nothing fancy or foreign, no bars, no patios, no vegetables, and no seafood. [sobbing, reaches out to Jim after he walked away] Ah, dinner. Let's see, maybe we should try the new Italian place, where the drive-in used to be. Yeah? Okay. Okay, it's football cream. It's football cream. Alright! So, anybody else? Hey. Why don't we take a quick ten second break from that so I can show you what's going on here. [pulls up Dwight's game] Okay, this is Dwight's Second Life. He's on it all the time. So much so that his little guy here has created his own world. It's called Second Second Life, for those people who want to be removed even further from reality. Yeah. [sighs] Oh, it's just my avatar guy. Whatever. Not much, it's just for tracking Dwight so--- Yep. I... why don't we go back to this animation. Ah, show me how this works. I hope you're not k*lling yourself on this, because I'm sure it's good enough for Michael's ad that will probably be seen by no one. Okay. Do you want me to stay? Piss or get off the pot! Good morning. [Pam sees breakfast sitting on her desk] Yeah I'm sorry, I looked away for a second and Creed snatched your hash browns. You're welcome. I'm about to send the ad to corporate... and it is sent. They'll probably watch it right away. I know I would. Okay. [dials phone] Pam, please clear my phone lines. The animation was cool. Pssh, kay. To be Edwardian. His best work. Sure thing Pam, can't wait. So tell me again why I can't be part of your club? Oscar? Okay, good-bye. Wait! Wait! Karen, could you transfer me to one of your salespeople please? Your best one? [Karen hangs up] Aren't you the guy that h*t the woman with your car? Yes they did, oh yes they did, and we are going to m*rder it. You, me, Dwight are going to jump into my PT Cruiser, and we're going to crush this sale. We're going to prove, what the hell is that music? I know right? I just want to go, and look at art, and swim in the Adriatic. Just came to discuss my favorite E.M. Forester novel. Pam, these finger sandwiches look finger-lickin' delicious Pam. Shut up, you, shut up! This is the dumbest thing we've ever done. Damn it! Damn it! [banging machine] Very brave. [Phyllis beeping microwave in the background] Popcorn. Hey. Are you inviting me to the Finer Things Club? Angela. Nope. The ashes. Michael. Ryan invited some of the branch managers and Toby into the woods for a "get to know you" weekend. Michael wasn't invited. Apparently they already knew everything they needed to know about him. Michael wasn't invited on Ryan's camping trip. Toby went, but Michael didn't go. He wasn't invited. Dwight and I are going out. He will return later, but I will not. I will also be taking a personal day tomorrow, and perhaps the next day. No. Dwight will be driving me deep into the Pennsylvania wilderness. I don't like it. [Angela leaves] It's a pretty good idea, don't you think? No... I think it's a great idea. OK. [Meredith leaves] That's a bummer. OK, then we need to...[steps outside office] Hey everybody. Hi, how you doing? Can I have your attention please? 'Cause we have to talk about this birthday thing. You never call back. All right, let's run it back. What has two skinny chicken legs and sucks at ping pong? Guess whose boyfriend it is? You're ugly and I know it for a fact so I got the evidence right there. Wow. Oh, I can't b*at Darryl. So you're asking me to defend your honor against Kelly? Bring me players. People underestimate Michael. There are plenty of things that he is well above average at. Like ice skating. He is a very good ice skater. About what? Are you sure he wants me? Because I have Oscar balance my travel receipts. Mr. Scott? Check this out though, spin serve. [serves, and Dwight scores] Well, it works like 80% of the time, so... I think I'm ready. ...Absolutely not. Woooh! Nice baby! Nice one! [starts singing] Hey, hey, you, you! I don't like your boyfriend! Cuz, cuz, cuz, cuz, cuz he sucks at ping-pong! What? OK. Bring it on. Think you can handle this? OK. Volley for serve, P. [serves] Except driving. Well have a seat, or come on in, or, I don't know, make yourself to home. This is our casa. This is it, check that out, can you smell that? [the room is filled with candles that say "Serenity by Jan"] As you can smell there's a lot of different odors going on in here. Shame on you. Really? How 'bout we do the short tour and then I'll start dinner? Oh no no no, it's just the osso buco needs to braise for about three hours, everything else is done. Sometimes I think she holds on to faxes. Okay yes, first name of that animal and the second name is the state where Helena is the capital. Oh! Yes! Yes. You'll never guess, I just got a message from my landlord apparently, my apartment flooded, something with a sprinkler. Pam, we should probably get going and see the damage. That's true. Um... dinner sounded delicious. Pam I'll see you at home, thank you so much. I don't know because I everything I own is there. God, does anybody read the paper?! You shouldn't joke about that. You should see our bathroom after Michael takes a bath, whew. But I don't have to tell you Pam. Oh well don't tell me that he's really changed since you guys dated. Well, Michael told me a little bit about it, but I see the way you look at him. We came here to eat dinner and to party, this is a dinner party right? [leans across to Pam whispering] Pam... I hope she didn't do anything to the food. Yeah it does. I was his babysitter. Bye Babe! You know, babe, I should have told you but... I did something bad. [holds up Hunter's CD] I stole this. [Pam laughs] For you babe. So we had to park at a satellite parking lot over there. Oh today, we saw a junk yard dog attacking the bones of a rotisserie chicken. [sitting down, rubbing his feet] I will quit. As God as my witness, I will quit if this is not fixed. [off screen] Hurts like hell. Pam, when I first opened this catalog, I thought I was just going to be picking out a chair. But instead, you found something to distract you from ever picking out a chair. [holding up the catalog] Have you ever seen this woman? Hmm... Look at her smile. Those eyes, look at her eyes. She's got - I don't know what it is actually, she dresses like a professional and yet you know there is a side of her that could just curl up on a couch. Oh, yeah, maybe, but remember after my dinner party when I said that I was swearing off women? I think what I meant was that I was completely swearing off one woman. [whispers] Jan. I think that fate put this catalog in my hands. [on phone] Yo, is this his new chair? Well, I'm setting Michael up with my fat friend anyway, he can just deal with it. Oh, you don't know her. Your mom. Please, not at a time like this. [sighs] Oh really? What's her name? Burger King? I don't, I don't think I'm ready. Is she hot? Margaret the land lady? Really Pam, is that what you think of me? [walks up to reception] Margaret? You just got yourself kicked out of your apartment. [both laugh] Oh really? Who's gonna take you in? You're messy. You're a klutz, you spill everything. And you leave the volume on the TV way too loud. OK, sure. Let's do it. [Pam laughs] Have I not proposed to you, yet? Oh, well, that's coming. [smiles] No. Not gonna do it right here, that would be rather lame. Pam, I'm not gonna tell you. Hate to break it to you, but that's not how that works. Wait, I'm serious. It's happening. And when it happens, it's going to kick your ass, Beesly. So... stay sharp. Wow. [Stanley laughs and high fives Kevin] Where do you want to go for dinner? Hey Pam, will you wait for me one second while I tie my shoe? What? My shoe is untied. What is your problem? [Pam laughs] Oh my God, you thought I wa--- oh. No, no, no. I got gum in my hair. k*ll me... right now. Nope. Not for you it's for your hair, and it is 9 am. Nope. I didn't, but let's go inside and I can call him right now. Perfect, you guys worked together on this one. If I'm not in my bath with a glass of red wine in an hour, you're both dead. You really don't have his phone number? I might have it in here. It's so random that I have it. By a show of hands, who thinks we're a better couple than Jim and Pam? [people raise hands] Hey, look what I found in the back. [shows a football to Pam] Wanna play? Teach you to throw. [on phonne] I am. I am getting out there. Well, no I've asked a lot of girls to dance mom. They're just, it's not... [Ryan is dancing feverishly and falls over] Yes, I shaved above my neck. Oh my God, mom, I gotta go. One of my friends is getting beaten up by some girls. Why? Everybody! Everybody! Listen up, I need your ideas, now! Ideas please, right now! Go! Go! Come on! Pam, translate. Andy and Angela seem very happy... I hope nothing horrible ever happens to them. All right, everybody... Oh my God, Pam, those make you look so ugly. Um, Pam, in order to get hotter, you take the glasses off. You're moving in the wrong direction... You know what would energize me? If you, Pamela Morgan Beesly... Would... Hey Pam, I really like your glasses. All the girlfriends that I've ever had have worn glasses. Yeah, it's kind of a turn-on for me actually... Like librarians. Could you just say, "these are due back Thursday"? Oh we were just... talking about, bureaucratic stuff... Okay, everybody, shh! So, earlier today, Stanley sassed me, and Toby gave me some suggestions on how to discipline him. They did not work, obviously, because they were stupid, so I am now going to fake f*re him. Let's go. Okay, you know what? Why don't you take my hand, and leave them, and let's get out of here. Figured I look presentable. [looks Michael over] You? [Michael dressed casually in jeans and sneakers] Went a different way. I'm gonna take this petty cash I got from Oscar, and turn it into next month's rent. Show them what you brought, Mike. I will tell on you. Cool. Hello. Hi. [to Pam] Can I talk to you for a sec? Excuse me. Hey, uh, remember what we talked about, in the car on the way up, "only the best and the brightest." Yeah, the booth is lame without it. Are you mental? I... don't. Are you out? [Angela hangs up] Pumpkin's out, let's go g*ng! [they all make a run for the door, Dwight re-enters room with only Angela left] Thank you! [Pam hands him blank paper] What, what is this? This isn't Dunder Mifflin paper. Some sort of Pendleton crap. Pam-Pam-Pam-Pam-PamPamPamPam! We're dying here. I want you to go back to the office and I want you to get the real stuff. I want you to get ultra white card stock. Yes. And don't call me Shirley. Hey, can't really talk now, what's up? Uh, you know, we'll see, we'll see. Oh, I like you. This is Darryl Philbin. Isn't he big? And you already met her, Pam Beesly, office hottie. She will "do" you. [laughs] No, no. But she has already dated two guys in the office, that we know of, so, this could be number three, you never know? You're welcome. I closed it! Thank you. Oh, thank you very much. Appreciate it. [standing way too close to Jim and Pam] Yeah, kiss her. Kiss her good. [Jim and Pam stop kissing] Hello. Are you interested in graphic design? Oh absolutely, here, take a seat. I should let you know right away, this is just an entry-level job. It's really basic. We're looking for like, a self starter, someone who can meet deadlines, who just pretty much just go the extra mile, I guess. Great. And uh, obviously looking for someone who knows Photoshop, and Dreamweaver. Uh, Corel Painter, Illustrator, AfterEffects, all the basics. [laughs] It's actually not super-complicated. I mean I'm sure there's some sort of like, adult education classes in the area. But if you're really serious about graphic design, one thing about New York or Philadelphia, they've got amazing programs out there for design. Yeah. Sure. You should. Absolutely. It's where the action is. [presses button on headset] Hello, this is Dwight. Yes it is. Woah, woah, woah, Pam! Pam! You are not talking to Dwight right now. You are talking to Jim. No! [waves arms] Pam, I'm over here! Okay, well, this will not do. Toby is going away forever, and uh, we need to do something very very special. In some cultures, when somebody leaves, like New Orleans culture, they have a parade and they have a band and people party in the streets... I want a party that makes me feel like I am flying through the air without this... ugly weight holding me down, you know?... I want an antigravity machine. I saw it in a movie. You drink a potion, and then you just start floating all around. [whispers] Yes. Yeah, it's great, isn't it? Hey... What? No way! What did I say? I said that they'd love those sketches. Congratulations! Yes! So when do you start? Wow. Busy morning. It's not a big deal. I'll come visit you. And you'll visit me. It's only two hours away. It'll be fine. That part's gonna suck, but it'll be great. See how easy that is? Ohh... [they hug; she laughs] Great. You're-you're not in it. I love it. I love it... I would love a picture of the two of us, to also take to Costa Rica. No, uh... [shouts] Does anyone have a camera here? [no one answers him] No one has a camera here. Uh... Okay. Hi Pam. Stay. I made it this far, right? What's the point? What the hell is that? Okay, you know what that is? You know what that is? That is... a psyche. Psyche. So, that is not my real gift to Toby. My gift is forthcoming, Pam. I am going to give Toby... ...Yes, I am. That was it. How did you know that? It's the temp! [all are watching a YouTube video of Ryan being escorted out of Dunder Mifflin corporate offices by policemen] Would you do me a favor and connect me to Ryan? Ferris wheel's pretty cool though. Yeah, who'd have thought? [Pam sees fireworks being set up; smiles] [on microphone] Alright! Let's hear it for Darryl and his band. [applause] You know what? Let's also give a shout-out to Phyllis for this awesome party, huh? Probably the best one that we have ever had, right? [cheers and applause] But the real reason that we are here, is to say goodbye to a guy who we will probably never ever see again. Now, a lot of you know that I am an accomplished songwriter. Not my favorite, but... It's not my favorite... [sings] It was early morning yesterday... I was up before the dawn... and I really have enjoyed my stay... Toby must be movin' on. [singing] Goodbye Toby, it's been nice. Hope you find your paradise... I love sex, and I want to have kids. And I always thought that those two things would go hand in hand, but now, I think it might be one or the other. Hey. Hey, you know, I just realized uh, I don't have a picture of the two of us. Yeah, could we... One, two three- [takes picture] One, two, three- [takes picture] Almost, Kevin. Yeah. So you have the directions. You have a toothbrush. You have a cell phone charger. I have everything. [frazzled and out of breath] I wrote you a goodbye poem. It's really long. I left it up in my office. Could you just please wait till I go get it? No. OK. Um, the last word is "seagulls." Call me when you get in. [kisses Pam] All right, call-- [leans in to kiss Pam] Sorry I'm late. I accidentally switched my alarm clock setting to Zapf Chancery. [laughter] Which is my terrible segue into our course, Expressive Typography in New Media. Some of you may remember from last semester I am Professor Monaghan. [sees Pam leaving] And looks like I'm boring someone already. Go to applications-- All right! So what is going on, girl in the computer? Uh-huh. No way. No way. Pam Beesley. Hello. [picks up computer] Hey, everybody look, Pam. Pam, say hi. Say hi to Pam. Don't we all look skinny? Oh, oh, almost dropped you! Pam, I'd like you to meet Ronnie. We call her Rice-a-Ronnie. She is hilarious. She is wonderful, a beam of light in this dark, dark office. Not really so much. All she does is plop herself down there and answer phones all day. Oh, calm down, weirdo. It's just a joke. She's such a weirdo! You know what? My real beef with her, though, Pam? She can't find those little colored paper clips that I like so much. Will you help her find them, please? Let's go. We are following Pam to the supply shelf. Let us go. [knocks on door] Hi. Oh, my God. Ok. Everybody just act normal. Don't say anything. My ex-girlfriend. She's right behind you. Just... hide me. No no! Don't look! [Pam sees an old lady behind him] Uh, actually, kind of. Yes. I just didn't like eating dinner that early. [they laugh, Pam's phone rings, she answers] So, in the year 2000, fungus and even black mold was discovered growing in the cave. Some blame it on the new air conditioning system they installed. Some, on the high powered lights. [Pam's friend shows Pam a drawing mocking the professor, they laugh] Others feel that fungus is do to an over--- Quiet please. So as it turns out, tonight is my nephews T-ball game and I kinda missed the first three, so... Now he is saying "Hi" louder. Umm... Hey, can you go to IM? Mm-wah! [Angela walks away, Dwight follows] [Jim gets down on one knee] I just... couldn't wait. Pam, will you marry me? So? Alright. I'll tell everybody here that you say hi. Why, what happened? Ah. That... they might be off the hook for because I... didn't tell them. I just didn't, you know, want a deal. OK. You know what? Here we go. [stands up] Uh, everybody? I just want to make an announcement. Pam and I are engaged. [raises hand] She's not a virgin, you know. [walking in] What's going on? Yep. [Michael hugs/tackles Jim] Make the party. Don't - make the party, please, Phyllis. [Phyllis starts inflating a balloon with a pump] Pump it! Right, the one from England. Oh. Right, that style. OK... Wait, who's Sarah Kayacombsen? OK. [clearly just humoring her] No... way! Ha ha. That's hilarious? Who, Stacy? Uh... [singing "Son of a Preacher Man" to Astrid] Being good isn't always easy / No matter how hard I try / When he started sweet-talking to me / He'd come and tell me everything is all right / He'd kiss and tell me everything is all right / Can I get away again tonight / The only one... [on phone] Hey! You busy? OK, OK, so you gotta hear this. So, Jan's shower is going on right now, and she's singing "Son of a Preacher Man" and everyone's just staring at her. The song is about losing your virginity next to a church, and guess what - she's been singing for the last twenty minutes! Oh. OK, well you know what, I um, just call me later. OK. [on voicemail] Hey, it's Jim. Leave a message. Hi. 03. You must be out or something. Is it me, or are we just a little off today? Hope you didn't have any major laundry issues. Remember that time that I helped you do your laundry and that crazy guy came in and started yelling at you? Yet here you are, back in a Laundromat. Now, I'm just trying to help you, Beesly. Be safe. Wish you were home. Uh, anyway... Pam, line three. Okay, thanks. New York, as it turns out, is very expensive, and I ran out of money. I thought about selling a kidney, but Michael offered to get me a part-time job at corporate. Paaam-o-laaaaaa... Of course, now Michael knows where to reach me 16 to 18 hours a week. [phone] Oh, hang on one second. Jim Halpert. Hey New York, Happy Halloween! Thanks. My costume's getting a lot of attention. [Pam is dressed as Charlie Chaplin] Someday, we'll both get together in Comstock Hall and just laugh about all of this. Hey, future baby sis! I'm good. I asked Tom and Pete to come early so we could play a prank on Jim at lunch! Pretty awesome, right? I think they're into the idea. They're probably thinking, "That Pam Beasly, she's the coolest sister-in-law on the planet. She's the best! The absolute best." Oh yeah. This is nicer, it's fun. It's fun! Oh, he hates it when we pick on his girlfriends. Oookay.... Let's check there. Hey, how are you? Yeah. Right Pam? Oh wow. This is my niece Vanessa. She's a trumpeter. And, look at her. Just saying. How many famous trumpeters can you name besides... Louis Armstrong? One. The point is Pam, is there are jobs- I'm just calling it like I see it. Pam, don't worry about it. It was Pam's idea. Pam was the mastermind. [Michael and Holly cautiously pass each other] There's another dolly in the truck, Mike. You could take more than that lamp. Well, I'll be the judge of that. What do you got? That is good. Truthfully anything would have been better than that prank. [laughs] Oh, text message from my brother. "Pam cool. Welcome to the family." Those reports affect our bonuses, which is kind of great for me, because you wouldn't know it from looking at her, but Pam's a gold-digger. Aww. [on Bluetooth] Testing, testing. Hello, everybody. Uh, Pam. What do you want on your coffee?Jim and Sprinkle of cinnamon. I got mine. They were really good. OK. Or maybe I could finish the coffee that's in here and you could use [finds a mug] uh, oh -- Snoopy. Dude, that is my face! Wow. That was Dwight. He seems upset about something. No way. Jim, they are a poopy. [Jim coughs, presses button to end call on Bluetooth] I need a decent bonus, because I'm actually in the process of buying my parents' house so that they can retire. And if history tells us anything, it's that you can't go wrong buying a house you can't afford. Pam doesn't know about the house, so it's... a fun surprise. [taps Bluetooth earpiece] Pam, sorry about that. I lost you for a second. So, as it turns out, I may not have done so hot on my customer reviews this year. Is there some evidence? No, she's not. Dwight, get out of my nook! Bye. What was? No, actually. I don't think so. I wasn't. But thank you. [to Pam] Do you know anything about this party? Yeah! Woo-hoo! Pam Beesley? Who's that? Oh, that's gonna be great. Who's Chuck Close? Uh, well, actually there's something else I'd love to talk to you about. Can we go somewhere else to talk about it? [in private office] Um. I'm gonna take a big leap and I want to tell you that I think you should not move back to Scranton. Why did you come to New York in the first place? Right. And that's why I think that you should stay here. Because I mean, you -- really you just got here, you know? You can't do New York in three months. You know, it has everything. It has -- all the opportunity is here. All the -- the whole art scene is in New York. You know, it would be nuts to go back to Scranton without getting to fully experience it. I know. But all I'm saying is, if there's even a teeny, tiny part of you that really wants to be an artist, then I think you should stay here, because you don't want to wake up in 50 years and look back and wonder what could have been. And that is the end of my speech. I planned it all. Anyway ... I will see you tomorrow. A concierge is like the Winnipeg equivalent of a geisha. This is a woman who has been trained in the fine art of fanciness and pleasure. And when you meet one, it is intoxicating. Just what the doctor ordered. [in office] Are you sure? Wow. I thought you were good at Flash. Okay, okay, it's no big deal. So you're not a computer geek. [looks shocked] W---Wow. Um. Well... okay. It's not--- It's not about me. I mean, this your dream. And you went to New York to do this. So when you come back you come back the right way. Right? [concerned look on face] You okay? Okay. Alright. Thanks man. I missed you. You're back. Good. I need you to make five copies of these. [hands Pam papers] [Dwight comes over, starts to massage Michael's shoulders] Don't do that. No kidding. Hmm, I liked it. Sincerely, disappointed? Get off your high horse, Richie. Yes, sure they do, Dwight. Mmhmm, yeah. Oh totally. Sorry, are we talking about the microwave still? No. Oh, oooh his mistress. No. I'm kidding. No one would ever cheat on you; you are the complete package, Pam. Good. [Pam stands up and starts reading note] N-no no no, don't. Hey, Pam? I just wanted to let you know; I'm totally on your side with the whole microwave situation. I was just back there, to make some cup-o-soup; the thing is still a huge mess. Yeah, it's crazy. But, I guess the thing is at some point, notes or no notes, someone's gonna have to just get there and clean it up. Ah ha ha, oh no, trust me. I would just make it worse. I--- I would find a way. Hi, we received a call? We were tipped off about a possible narcotics situation. [walking out of the building] Hey, do you mind if we make a stop on the way home? Cool. I have a surprise for you. All right, ready? Close your eyes and now [spins her around once] open your eyes. Tadah! [outside] So I'm still in the process of converting the garage. It's got great light in here and I'm thinking, it could be perfect [opens garage door] for an art studio. [Pam looks around and then looks at him] Look, I know, I bought this without asking you and it's doesn't look great, I know that. And if you really hate it, I totally understand it's just--- You do? Really? Oh my God... Yeah, I did. [they kiss] No, No, we'll just board that up. It'll be that weird spare room that people ask us about. Guess what, everybody? Christmas has come early this year. Oscar, very smartly, has discovered an extra $4300 in the budget. Thank you, Oscar. And I have decided with that money I am going to buy a new, drum roll please... [imitates drum roll] Can anybody guess? No, no, please. Please do not do this. So... we all agree to get new chairs then. Good? Now listen, we are a paper company. How can we take pride in our jobs if we have to put our fine paper in this wretched machine? Pam, you make more copies than anyone. You'll see. Yes. Uh, actually, I'm gonna go with copier. We're getting married at Schrute Farms, no matter what. I have looked at twelve venues, I have lost eight deposits, and I have seen Angela naked zero times. I am not losing another deposit. Hey. Mmhmm. Oh, Pam, I really... hate that copier. Yeah. Beesly, are you threatening me? Okay. Yes. I have no idea. So, I guess that's how they're gonna play this. It is on. [very serious] It is so on. Ahh... I got you some tiramisu. No hard feelings. Yeah. You look really pretty. Yeah. Yeah? Oh, hey. I do. Oh, good. it was fun. We had a good time. Oh, thank you. Um, no, not... no. No, I got it at TJ Maxx, four dollars. You think that's good? Check out these pants. Nine dollars. Nine dollars. The boys' department. Look at the ass. Check out the ass. Look at that. [begins dancing] Unh. Unh-unh. Yes they were. They were. Mmhmm. Sits on a copier. Yeah. Very valid. All right. See ya. [Pam is making copies and is struggling with the machine] You might want to consider changing teams, because we would-we would love to have you. Yeah? There they are. You got it. Mm! [gives Jim a high five] Yeah! Hey hey! Yeah! Unh! Got a call about a problem up here. Okay. Know what? Wait, what? Let's see... This is so stupid. Was that hot or what? Michael, you have to make a decision. The day is almost done. It is a classic management tactic. You have two sides, a deadline, you know that neither of them are gonna concede. What you do is you put 'em in a room, and you just- [Pam and Oscar come to the door of kitchen] Hey. I just figured I'd rather have new chairs than nothing at all. Truce? I will grant you one wish. [watching Meredith and Michael talk in his office] They've been in there for 45 minutes. Well don't look so surprised. You did not know it. Everyone knew some of it. You knew it. [heard yelling from the street] Yeah! Yeah! Yeah, okay! Twelve miles an hour. Eat that, Carl Lewis! Today's a big day. My presence has been requested by [in an authoritative voice] Chief Financial Officer, David Wallace. [in normal voice] He says that he wants to talk about big picture stuff. And, I'll be honest, I have little or no idea what that means, so... probably bad. Whoo-hoo! Hot tamales. Uh oh. I've had two men fight over me before. Usually it's over which one gets to hold the camcorder. [thinks for a moment] I will respect the results of the duel. [still reading] Alas, after much consideration and deliberation... She's got mean eyes. Ladies and gentlemen, even though the penis was fake, I was expecting a second plot twist where we found out Hilary Swank was a boy. I'll be right back I'm just going to grab my tool box. [entire office is chatting] I'm saying, all I'm saying is Kevin is not necessarily a feminist, is all I'm saying. Oh, hey what is this? [clears throat] Oh, f*re! Oh my goodness! What's the procedure? What do we do, people? Not a viable option. How about 911? Anyone? 911. [Michael throws a chair at the window, Kevin smashes a chair through the vending machine and begins to grab snacks, everyone is shouting.] Hope you brought your appetitos. My lady. My tuna. A little movie popcorn. [dumps popcorn in bowl, it's almost all seeds] Uh, damn it. This movie, a lot of buzz. Not coming out for another six months. Mrs. Albert Hannaday. So, friendship with the Nard-dog has its privileges. And we don't know how. Uh, no one really knows, but Pam's parents are going through a little bit of a rough patch in their marriage. My dad spent the night at our place last night. My parents have been fighting for weeks and... it kinda sucks. Jim's been great. But I'm gonna need to buy my dad a robe. Hmm? Who? Sam? Yeah, right. I filled him full of butter and sugar for 50 years and forced him not to exercise. Now, take a lesson from Stanley and jog on up here and sign this, okay? Make a line. Just form a line right here. Sign it! Sign it now! Yeah... but... eh... breakfast? You mean when they were eating soup? I don't think that was breakfast. Unless soup, does soup symbolize breakfast? You guys, they're making out. Hey. Mmm... nope, we mostly just talked about cereal. What? Mmm... Don't open your eyes. So... it wasn't Dwight after all. Looks like I am the k*ller. You never expect that you're the k*ller... it's uh... great twist. Great twist. Dunder Mifflin this is Pam. Oh, hey Mom. No, what did Dad say? What? Fifty percent of marriages end in divorce, so... it was her parents or my parents... Don't you ever talk to me that way. You pathetic, short little man. You don't have any friends, or any family, or any land. [clapping and whooing] Hey, ya know what? Forgive me for caring. Right? Haha ha. Thank you very much, thank you. That was great. Great job, great laughs. Really, really went after my intelligence there. [clears throat] Dozens of online IQ test might prove you wrong, but, and my thing isn't tiny, its average, so... get your facts straight. [clears throat again] So when I heard that there was going to be a roast in my honor, I thought [choking up, clears throat again] sorry. [laughs nervously] I think I have a frog in my throat. Um... [sigh] I decided to jot down some quick thoughts about you people, um, first up Phyllis and Kevin. Uh um... [Michael walks off stage, knocking over the snare drum] Yep. You're being replaced. You know sometimes, to get perspective, I like to think about a spaceman on a star incredibly far away. And, our problems don't matter to him, because we're just a distant point of light. But he feels sorry for me, because he has an incredibly powerful microscope, and he can see my face. [looks towards the sky] I'm okay. No, I'm not. [through tears] Sam! Sam! So what did he say? Was it my fault? You ok? Yeah. [they hug] I am not insightful enough to be a movie critic. Mm... maybe I could be a food critic. These muffins taste bad. Hmm, or an art critic. That painting is bad. I um, I spent the afternoon in the park trying to feed the pigeons, I guess they all flew west for the winter, and I, I just had some thoughts that I wanted to share with you people. Could I stick it with a pin? [knocks on Pam's hotel door] Hello, good morning. Well, Pam and I have eloped. Actually we just robbed a bank, and we are on the lam. [laughs] No, uh, seriously, I am on a lecture circuit. Apparently Scranton has the best sales of any regional branch. So David Wallace has asked me to go to all the branches, except Nashua, still a little bit raw there. Um, but I am going to these branches and sharing my secret recipe for success. My 11 business herbs and spices, in a sales batter. [looks at Pam] Oh that, well, that is Pam. Pam is coming along as my assistant and my driver so I can focus. And I like to pack heavy. No! That is a toboggan, you never know when you're gonna find a snowy hill so... Every magician has a hot assistant, and every rock star has a roadie, and Pam is my hot roadie. Yeah, oh don't say bucks, it's not lady like. Here we go! [gets in backseat] Okay so what we do is drive all day and we stay in hotels together at night. Well that goes without saying. Hey! Look at what you're wearing again, Pam. Have you ever seen a magician's assistant? That's... ...kind of [retches] Maybe you could tie it around your waist or lose the shirt underneath or something. My birthday was yesterday, and everybody forgot. I got really dressed up and excited, and no one said a word. There wasn't even a party. I think sometimes people are really mean to the hot, popular girl. No. I need silence or Sam Kinison to prepare. Then listen to your iPod, Pam. Well then... hey you know what then let's just talk. You nervous about seeing Karen again, since she was the other woman? Actually you were the other woman so... Is that why your wearing makeup today? No, I'm not even wearing that much. Ice Cream. Okay, don't be nervous, just picture her naked. That's what I do, steal my trick. What! No, don't worry, the chain is off. Email's not scary. This is an opportunity. Don't, don't blow it. Uh, in about a month. His name is Dan, uh, this is us. So dorky. Yeah, he's so cute. He's a dermatologist. We met a bar. Can you believe that? Oh, yeah. Don't even. That's really dorky. So, how are things in Scranton? How's Jim? That's so great. That's great. I would give that lecture a solid B+. Although, for the record, Karen. Wow, kind of mean. Really? No, honestly. Tell me what you really think. Why? I have here Kelly Kapoor's personal and confidental file. Allow me to share. [opens file] "Kelly Kapoor spent April 1995 to December 1996 at Berks County Youth Center." Juvie. "According to past employers, it in no way affects her job perfor..." Blah, Blah, Blah. [closes file] No. I'm just thinking about what you said, about Karen, about closure. You remember Holly? She used to work for H.R.? Blonde hair, nice boobs. Not too big, not too small. She was the love of my life. What you and Jim have times 100. Just she... she just left. And I didn't... I never got closure, you know? I never got closure with her. I haven't talked to her since. I haven't seen her since. And I feel like I need to go to Nashua and get closure. I feel like I need that. [scoofs] I'll just blow off the lecture at Rochester. How's Jim? Oh my God, I'm so happy for you! You remember Holly? She used to work for HR? She's the love of my life. She just left... and I never got closure. And I feel like I need to go to Nashua and get closure. And person. Okay, you know what, next time, I'll let you get the cake and I get to scream at the birthday girl. Do I look okay? She has a boyfriend. How could she do this to me, Pam? I can't do the presentation, I can't- [voice cracks] ... just... oh... thinking about seeing him... and... thinking about... him getting to hold her and getting to kiss her, it just- oh, God! [starts crying, covers his face] I know, just... uh, please, I'm going through something, okay? [exhales] And then she'll move back to Scranton. And her boyfriend will die. [laughs] [sighs] Huh- [pauses] Does she ever talk about me? [voice cracking] [grunts] Your life. [sits down, upset] Oh, wow. Whew. Ahh, legs are sorta giving out. Long drive in the car, so let's just- We'll just continue. [sighs, falls to floor, gets more upset] Oh, wow. [takes deep breath] Ooh, okay. Yeah, yeah... uh, I can't do this Pam. Just read from- just read the cards. No, no, I'm okay. I'm all right. [sighs heavily] Okay... okay. That was weird, huh? It's all part of the presentation. It was confusing, right? Because confusing situations happen to us all the time in our jobs. [pauses] I'm just trying to bridge the gap between what just happened and the fact that I'm going to be doing the rest of the presentation. [reading from the cards, in Forrest Gump voice] Sales is like a box a chocolates, you never know which vendor you're gonna get. Forrest Gump. I want to get that image out of my head. The psychological issues that go behind licking a cat, are not things I want to go into. Also, I'm pretty sure she coughed up a hairball. Want some pie? I went through Holly's things. I stole a sleeve of her sweater. I also stole something off of her computer. A document called "Dear Michael." I shouldn't have done it. It just- I couldn't help it. No, sh- she didn't. I'm gonna read it. Yes. How? I know, I know. You're right, you're right. No, that wouldn't- No, you don't have to do that. Okay. [leaves to get laptop] [to camera] Didn't see that one coming. Well? She said that? Is that what it said? What did it say? You're sure? I feel great. So good to have closure. Ah! We should go apologize to Roy or something. Who have I wronged? Who have I wronged? Oh, oh! What about that fat guy from Stamford that I insulted? We should find him! Jabba the hut, Pizza the hut, Fat guys like pizza, pepperoni pizza, pepperoni Tony! Hi. Yes, I'm from Techstar about a new phone system for you. I was wondering if I could talk to Michael Scott. Really? He's never around when I come by. sh**t. How about I make an appointment to come back? That way, I know he'll be here. Great. [approaching Reception] Michael Scott, manager. Hi, how are ya? Ayyyy! [laughing] What was that? I can't even imagine. You're only engaged once. Well present company excluded, but. Pam, really, they're back? --that none of us can be a part of-- Hey, why don't you guys come have lunch with Bob and me? We'll take all afternoon. [whispering] Michael is terrified of bob. I have a lot of work to do this afternoon. Those mines aren't gonna sweep themselves. It is so nice to go out with another couple. No way, a 280? No. Bob, no. No! Yes I do. That is a lie, that is a lie. But! That girl must've had monstrous hands because the holes fit. Oh God tons of it . I think if you ordered hot food you're allowed to eat. Look at that. Bob ordered hot food. Here they come. No, just kidding. Seriously though, that's enough. Oh great, I have to cover? Well they didn't dine so, yeah, maybe they just dashed. We were. [emerging from the Men's room] Empty. Oh boy. [out of breath] Bowling. Pam? Pam? Knock, knock. I know you are. Knock, knock. They would never know it was me doing it. Here we go, Knock, knock. [Dwight walks over] Buddha. [puts a slice of bread and stick of butter on Pam's desk] Buddha this bread for me, won't you? [Michael and Dwight laugh] I, I need something to wipe my hand. It's true. Oh, no, no, no, no. I am not Michael. I am Willy Wonkaaaaa. Why thank you very much. [notices jelly beans] Oh, what are those? What are those? Tell me, please! No. You can't let a girl feel good about herself. It will backfire on you. Every compliment has to be backhanded. 'Oh I like your dress, but I'd like it more if you had prettier hair.' My golden ticket idea? OK. Why would anyone think that this is my golden ticket idea? There is a one in 13 chance that this could be anybody's golden ticket idea. [sighs] That... [sighs] Dunder Mifflin, this is Pam. Oh hi ,David. [Michael shakes his head to Pam] No, I'm sorry he's not back from the Civil Rights rally. I'll have him call you the minute he gets back from the Lincoln Memorial. OK, we need a gold ticket idea to get us out of this mess. [Pam raises hand] Yes. That is not constructive. Right. No, that is what I mean. Apology rejected. Pam, could you set up a call in there in about 15 minutes, please? There is no movie called Willy Wonka. It's called Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory. OK, uhh... I am going back to New York. Pam, do me a favor, don't send me those notes. I said that! [storms out, slams door behind him] French. Classy. Yeah, I'm Charles Miner, here to see Michael Scott. [on speakerphone] Yes? Miner? I hardly know her!... Hello? Took me all night. Jim Halpert, yep. So, um, just going to let you get back to it... [being pulled away by Pam] I thought it'd be funny. I was never given a name. [hangs up, he and Dwight sigh in relief][Jim yawns at desk, looks up to see Charles watching him from conference room, looks up again to see Charles peering through blinds, Dwight smiles] How old are you? Oh no. I'm kidding around, wow! Relax, everybody, it's just a joke. It's fine. Boy, so touchy. PPC, let's continue our morning meeting in the conference room. What is that smaller stripper holding? It's a great idea. And we have a cake in the shape of a bale of hay. [groans] He finally has a story everyone wants to hear... and he knows it. For four more days. [interviewee enters office] Hello. Pam? When will the new copier be ready? You said it would be ready by today. And it is today. Soon could mean anything. Soon could be 3 weeks. Sometimes. Then come back soon. [dumps coffee all over the copier glass] Oh! [examining the copier manual] Do you want me to translate the German instructions for you? Typical American ignorance that got us involved in a w*r we never should have been in. World w*r II. Deutsch... let me see here. That is either an incense dispenser, or a ceremonial sarcophagus. Pam, listen. This order form. Instead of saying "Dunder Mifflin" at the top is there any way I could get it to say something else? You... oh. Somebody has been talking in bed. Pillow talk. This is a dream that I have had since lunch, and I am not giving up on it now. Before you got here, I'm the one who landed all these clients. Half of them, at least. I can do it again. I know the market, I know the price points. I'm on it, don't worry. So, how do I do that? Can't I take some paper and just tape over it with transparent tape? Thank you very much. You know, I would love to put a pin in that. Little Ms. Thing wants attention. Meredith... [copier has an error] Oh... so uh... G-44. It's not ready Kevin! You know what. I had a great time at prom. And no one said 'Yes' to that either. Um, let's see... it's fine. Good. Michael is like a movie on a plane. You know, it's not great, but it's something to watch. And when it's over you're like... how much time is left on this flight? Now what? You're going to mess with me, is that what you're going to do? I'll tell you something Charles, I don't even care. Cause I've got nothing got lose. [Charles steps towards Michael] Oh my God, OH GOD! No no, all right. Fine, it's not even worth it. What? What? Pam! Pam! You can't be serious. You are? Okay. It's going to be great. Right... Executive assistant. Well, okay, lets go. Are people watching? I'll bring your stuff home. Okay, bye. My maid d*ed. Oh, good. My h**ker's here. [laughs] Hi. Yes I was. Yes I was. That is inappropriate, Pam. Come on in. Thank you. Would you like some french toast? What shape? Oh no! The new boss does not find Jim adorable! Ohhhh! [smiles] After breakfast. So how you feeling about the new company? You excited? About the new company? After breakfast. No, I'm whipping them. Just let go. Let go, please. Just gimmee - [doing situps] I feel weak today. Felt much stronger yesterday. Like Benjamin Button in reverse. I'm not overwhelmed, Pam. Whatever calms you down. Don't patronize me, Pam. I'm not getting dressed. I'm not getting dressed. I have too many things to do before I get dressed. I need to find a hundred clients. It's totally impossible! Assemble a sales team. A dream team. Okay, Ryan. He's everything I'm not and everything I am. He's the whole package. Umm... Oh! Vikram! Best salesman I've ever met. He worked at that telemarketing place. Okay. Oh also, we have a meeting this afternoon with a potential investor. Yeah. Maybe. Barbara Keebis. She invests in local businesses. And I am putting together a little presentation for her. Yeah, I guess it's not so bad. Got a few things cookin'. [sits down in robe, legs spread wide] Umm... Hey! We need to get you dressed! I've never been a kiss up. I - it's just not how I operate. I mean, I've always subscribed to the idea that if you really want to impress your boss, you go in there and you do mediocre work. Half-heartedly. Oh. Wow. "Michael Scott Paper Company." Okay. Very official. "Dear Mr. Scott. Please be advised that it is in violation of your condominium agreement to conduct a business headquartered in your residence. The penalty, a forfeiture of residence." How are we gonna find an office? How can we pay for an office? Okay. Okay. "Achey Breaky Fart." No! No No. No. "My Stumps." Like "My Humps" but a guy with no legs. We can do this. Yep, I used to play soccer in school. From second to fourth grade. I was on the orange team. Where are we going? He seems really confident. Confidence. It's the food of the wise man but the liquor of the fool. He's taking a long time. Is it possible he's bowling? I mean, you know him better than I do. Well, it has always been a lifelong dream. I'm... Excuse me. Yes? Yes, it is. Yes. It is. Sixty thousand dollars a year. What are those, a men's ten? [Ryan grabs some shoes] Look what he's doing. He's stealing them. Okay, okay. He's already paying for himself. Oh yeah. Sounds awesome. Vikram, you ask a lot of questions and I like that. Hey, Nana! Hi! I thought Nana raised some good questions. What kind of a name is Nana? Yeah. I have cable and satellite as a backup. [to Pam] Yeah, I know. Two not-so-great things in a row. Ehhhh, well. Stuff happens, right? At least we got Ryan. The Rye-guy. We should call him Rye bread. We don't have to call him that. Unless you like it. We could call him that. What's that? Blech. Well you know what? My mom always used to say that average people are the most special people in the world. And that's why God made so many. Well we should make a list. Lists are good. Lists are good. Lists are good. First on the list, let's get you out of the car. Alright. [Pam tosses list out car window] Okay... I want you to listen to me. Because I want to tell you the situation that we are both in right now, kay? You quit your job. I quit my job. We both quit. Those are the facts. That's what happened. Now, what are our choices right now? Because you know, kiddo, you quit. [walks into room] Okay. It's right in the middle of the paper belt. Yeah, I'm good. You good? LOVE the hair. [Ryan walks up driveway with blonde dyed hair] We are in the heart of it. [Bathroom sounds rattle the small office.] And the surge of water carries our business out to the sea. I am going to need 800 of these, on nice bright paper. It is a coupon for unparalleled customer service. [He sets sheet between Pam and Ryan on desk. Neither takes it.] How is it insulting to say that you're good at something? I'm not judging it, it's like ... I could run GM but I couldn't fix a car. It's not saying one is better than the other. Yeah I make originals too. Stop it stop it! Bickering! Stop it! Just make that copy okay? That's me and my friend Jonathan from Thailand. You could be hot too if you made any effort. At all. This is from the sun. They're getting on my nerves Mom. Both of them. R thinks he's too good to be here, and P is not as much fun without Jim. I'm on the phone, please. Mom, I'm gonna have to call you back. P's being a giant B. No don't take that, give that back! I'm gonna make a spreadsheet. Yeah! Go make a copy, secretary. Listen up. It has come to my attention that some people in this office are not getting along with other people in this office. And I think I have come up with the reason why. This office space is too small. Okay. There are ... 4 corners in this room. Each corner is to be a personal space for each one of you. Whichever corner you want. And make it your own. Okay guys, thank you for the offers. But I want you to get pumped about this corner idea. All right? 1,2,3- What are we gonna do? Rock the house! That's my corner. No, this is where I work. I can't relax in the same corner where I work. Can I help you? Hey! Okay. Hey Pam. I don't know what to tell you. The job's been taken. Um. Yeah I know. No. Okay. Hey Pam. You sorta disappeared there for a while. Where ya been? Yeah? Just faxing. My Dad. A rundown. Do you have a card? I once had a dream. That I was eating a peanut butter and tuna fish sandwich. And, let me tell you something it was delicious. So the next day, I decided to make that sandwich. And in real life it is disgusting. [The phone rings] It is a disgusting sandwich. [It rings again.] And the reason I tell you this story. [phone] Pick up the phone. Don't tell them we have free delivery! [Also whispers] They don't know that! Give him a guarantee. Just say the word. Yes! You did! Hup! [throws cheese puff to Ryan who catches it in his mouth] Hup! [throws cheese puff to Pam who catches it in her mouth] Andy put down a bunch of deposits on stuff for his wedding with Angela, but then she was sleeping with Dwight for... several years. Wait, no, that can't be right. This is my solo. [stereo plays Andy imitating bass guitar, a cappella starts singing 'You Can Call Me Al'] Well, 12 guys, airfare, three nights in a hotel, food per diem, table up front for merch... $9,000. Did you even hear the music I just played for you? Ed's Tires. Why don't you tell them that we have fewer clients, so we can spend more time with each of them. Also, try to discuss it over Indian food, and try to mention how you distrust women. U-G-L-Y, you ain't got no alibi! You ugly, huh huh, you ugly! You mama says you ugly! Hey! Go Michael Scott Paper Company! [Michael storms into office] Wow. It was a setup. Dwight told Charles. He told him. It's like, a girl says she'll make out with you, but then her boyfriend is waiting around the corner with a pee-filled balloon. I want you to listen to me, friend, and I want you to listen to me good. I am going to come at you, and I am going to come at you hard. I am going to steal all of your clients, and then I am going to k*ll them in front of you. Look at that old dude and his rolodex go. Okay, see you in a bit. Dwight h*t a bear. He'll be here in a sec. We can spend a couple days there. Hello! Time to make the donuts! Oh, Halpert! Whoa! Boner patrol. Arrest that man! Your donuts make me go nuts! [laughs] Hey Pam. We got the van at a used car lot. We think it says "Alleluia Church of Scranton." in Korean. It was either this or an old school bus with an owl living in it. Milk and sugar. That's what I said. We're, uh, we're doing okay. A couple weeks in and, um, we're having fun. Uh, yep. We have 20-- of those. Oh, you know what you would love? Is if we built a loft. Like in a dorm room. You put your desk underneath, you have your loft up top. You can sleep up top. Why do you think Staples and Dunder Mifflin can't match your prices? [presses key on computer] Crunch. Hi, Jerry. Michael Scott. Well, this is slightly embarrassing. [laughs] Um, I'm going to have to... ask you to pay me a little bit more money for that delivery we dropped off yesterday. Yeah. We did. We got the check, but we're just going to need a much, much bigger check. You're just out of business? Oh, yeah, well don't worry about it. We'll figure it out. We'll be okay. Oh, yeah. Only this time we will be okay. [cell phone rings; Dwight's voice saying "Idiot, Idiot, Idiot"] Oh, that's my new "Dwight" ring. Did I ever tell you about the day that Steve Martin d*ed? I know. But I always thought that the day that he d*ed would be the worst day of my life. I was wrong. It's this. I would love that. I never went to Thailand. David Wallace has asked me to come down here and see if you would be interested in Dunder Mifflin buying you out. [stammers] Uh... Yes. Nope, nope, nope. Oh, I'm really worried that I'm going to say it. No, man. You're-- you're fine. We'll have to talk about this. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. We are so rich. No. Oh, okay. How could you do this to me, Michael? You just cost me $60,000. I would rather have $60,000, honestly. Agreed? Sales. Yes, she is. At the Michael Scott Paper Company in it's heyday. Yes, yes, yes! [whispering] Who is it? [to Ryan] Don't fall in love with me, kid. It sure looked good on the mannequin. Well, thanks. I sure wish I had more time to talk to my clients, though. Isn't that what you said to a bunch of my clients when you were stealing them? That I didn't have enough time for them? Pamela. C'mon. [whispers] Guys. Psst, listen. Now is the time for action. I'm talking action-- You. Us. Six weeks ago, none of these people wanted to come with me. You two were the only ones with the stones to follow. That was us, right there. Mmm. Thanks for going out, guys. Ah! Mr. Bart! Ugh! [slams phone down[ I cannot believe you lost that account. He was my client for ten years! Michael gave all of our clients back to their old salespeople, so now there's not enough for both me and Pam to stay on. I think you should get it. You really grew into it. If you really think that, will you tell that to Michael? That would go a long way coming from you. Pam, can you come in here, please? Have a seat. [clears throat] Well, there's no easy way of saying this. So I think I will just...drag it out. Since the dawn of time there has been-- I gave Ryan the sales job. There just weren't enough clients for the two of you. So I had to-- I'm sorry, sorry. [laughing] Yes, you did. Yep. No, you--no. No, you're the best person for the job. You're going to be great. [laughing] Oh, oh! You should have seen your face. Oh man! Oh, that was classic. Oh, really? Oh, man. That was really good. That was really good. I don't know, I offered him his temp job back. We'll see. He was not happy at all when I offered him this job and then I told him he didn't get the job, so-- I don't appreciate you telling me what to do. So clean out your desk, you are through here. Oh! What's our receptionists name? Could you send her in? [laughs hysterically] I got her! Okay. How about a woman? Pam? Oh, really? Ok. Ugh! God! What happened to you people? [talking like a robot] We are just office drones. We are office drones. All we do is work... is work. If you don't take out his battery, he just keeps going all day. Attention, office. Who here is planning a trip to Youngstown, Ohio? I will take your silence to mean that you are all hiding something. This location is the Superior Court - There are other reasons to go to Ohio. So, it turns out it's the closest place to get a marriage license without a 3 day waiting period. Ok. So, we're going through all the wedding plans and, boy, it is complicated. Very expensive. Cause you say you want a small wedding and that's great but then you have to invite - No one. Ok. Right. Oh, so this morning we are having breakfast together and I just looked up from my cereal and I said, " You know what I want to do today? I want to marry you." Daddy's here for you. My wittle angels. Ok. I think that I have figured a way to get you guys out of your funk. [waiting outside the bathroom for Pam, he is holding a hand-picked bouquet of flowers and pacing] These are for you. You ready? Oh, no. Not me. Not me. Get out of here. Cafe Disco! [Dwight hits Michael in ear] Hey! Come on, man. It's not even to "Y". Yes. Me, too. Me, too. [whispering] Okay, I'm gonna go in there and change the computer. Are you sure you can change his watch? [wakes up, joins in with the laughter] Uh oh. What's so funny? [at company picnic] All right, you ready for this? Yeah. Wait, should I have left the car running? [both laugh] Come on, who doesn't like a picnic? I had this huge spider in my baseball mitt. Oh, right, some drunk guy h*t on Pam last year. Said he was grabbing her for balance. Hey, how are you? I don't get it. He's not even my boss anymore. Rule violation. Ball is ours. Give it to me. Our point. Okay. Hey, Pam, how ya doin? Hey, do you know if you're right-handed or left-handed? Or do you even know? What hand do you use to answer the phone? Back off, Dwight. [serves] Hyuh! [the opposing team misses the ball, the Scranton team cheers] What? Maybe I played a little in junior high... and in high school... maybe a little in college... and went to volleyball camp most summers. Settle down gentlemen. Hey, people need volleyball now more than ever. Dwight's right. Corporate deserves to get its ass kicked. [hits the ball over the net and scores a point] Yeah! Boo-yah! Pam! You all right? You sure? Woah, woah, woah, woah, you wanna get that looked at. No, uh- All right, you know what? [picks Pam up and carries her off the court] Let's do this. To be safe, we should do an x-ray. Oh, shouldn't be too bad, it's a slow day. So, no other radiation this year, no metal plates, no chance you're pregnant... Then come back here for your next assignment concerning their order. [entering break room] Who's getting married? [shaking head disgustedly] Okay... okay. [leaves room] Well, with her being unmarried... knocked up by some guy, I mean the yakity-yaks in this office would have a field day. Wait, there's not gonna be a g*n? No g*n... 'cause that changes everything. What are you gonna do about it? There's no g*n, so... free at last, free at last! So, what is the scuttlebutt? Anybody hear anything?Dwight, Jim & Nothing? Well I got a little somethin' somethin'. I don't know if I should say... [to Pam] Did you know a baby conceived out of wedlock is still a bastard? Want me to say it again? [whispering to Pam in corner of room] So, they know. I didn't tell anyone! Who did you tell? That's not important, Jim, I just think we shouldn't listen to any of that crap. [quietly leaves room] [approaching Michael at elevators] Michael? [to others] He's over here! Michael... [leads Michael to corner of vestibule, then whispers] You told people I use store-bought manure, when I showed you where my manure comes from. Hmm? Hmm? [Michael looks nervously to camera as elevator doors open] Michael, don't. Stay. Who's the father? Who's the OB/GYN? [arm around Pam] Thank you for trying to defend her. But actually, Pam is pregnant, and we can prove it. If everyone would like to see proof. Look at that! [grabs sonogram from Pam] That is the inside of your vag*na! [Jim takes sonogram from Michael] [to Jim and Pam] How long have you known about the pregnancy?Jim & You should've told me. [gasps] No, I have to take it, or it'll seem suspicious. That sounds terrible. Sure. Hey let me escort you to your desk. You and Jim are close, huh? Hey, what do you think he and David are talking about? What do you... Well, you said good luck to Jim as he walked in. If you are lying to me right now Pam, your baby is gonna come out a liar. That's how it works. They inherit things through the breast milk. I just don't want you to lie to me. I don't want you to ever lie to me. Have I ever lied to you? What is Jim telling him? That I can't handle this job? That 's bull crap. That is bull crap. Although, it has been chaotic lately. Corporate shut down the Buffalo branch which left us to absorb all of their clients. I will tell you there has been work everyday. Had to come in on a Saturday. To retrieve... I left my cell phone here. Ugh, so jealous of your boobs. Is Ryan going? I don't know, he hasn't RSVP'd yet. Just keep going. Hey. Yeah, I might stop by. Okay, I once had a glass of Cognac that cost $77. Yes, I'm coming to your wedding. Probably, yes. Niagara Falls in October? Pfft, hells yeah. Nah, I'll just tell you now, easier. I'll just have whatever's fanciest, unless there's ribs. I'll just get the other information the day of, I'll text you. Uh huh. Right... Rude. Mmm hmmm. What's going on? Hey, did you guys register for wedding gifts? We did, but mostly because people expect us to. We're also accepting other gifts not on the registry... However much. Perfect. I hate registries. My cousin makes the most amazing romantic birdhouse mailboxes. I know I shouldn't tell you, but you'll still be suprised when you see it. You're not registered for a birdhouse, are you? Hey, Pam, I heard that you were registered, but I didn't hear where. Like money? Like you-- you want my money? Will you take a check? Cool. In the memo line, I'm gonna write, "To love's eternal glory." Wait til' Monday. What does a bean mean? Michael, what does a bean mean? Heard you guys are looking for cash for the wedding? Question for you. Would you guys rather have $100 now, or $5,000 a year from now? Because you just give me $50 to cover the broker fee, I put in a hundred of my own money as the gift... Instead of $5,000 a year from now? How sure is this? The guy has an algorithm to determine the winner of any given college basketball game. Pam is constantly throwing up because of the pregnancy. If she eats something the fetus doesn't like she is screwed. It's amazing. A three ounce fetus is calling the sh*ts. It's so bad ass. All morning I look forward to my afternoon cigars and I'm not stopping for anyone. It is really special. Come on. You've got to be kidding me. Decent people everywhere will get offended. That's nice. No. We'll see. Good-bye. Not only is Erin really sweet and cute... she smell's like my mom. Yeah? Oh, wow. That's cool. [aims imaginary camera at Pam] Click. Oh, you blinked. Damn it. Now that's in my brain forever. Lousy Picture. I know. We're pretty excited, too. Oh, I'm sorry. Somebody just checked in. I don't like that. So, which one is Pam's grandma? Didn't move my lips. I wasn't sure about your branch of the family. After I heard about your parent's divorce. But you and Jim are just perfect. God bless you. That's right. It is ew. It is very ew. You thought I was dating this? What the hell is wrong with you? Are you seeing anyone right now? Aw, thanks, Pete. That was really nice. I just want to say how happy we are that all of you are here tonight. And I want to especially thank those of you who traveled from far away to be here with us tonight... especially the Flordia cousins who, obviously, can't take a hint. [laughter] Four years ago, I was just a guy who had a crush on a girl who had a boyfriend. And I had to do the hardest thing that I've ever had to do... which was just to wait. Uh, don't get me wrong. I flirted with her. Pam, I can now admit in front of my friends and family that I do know how to make a photo copy. Didn't need your help that many times. And do you remember how long it took you to teach me how to drive a stick? When you use something to block-- I think everybody knows what I am talking about. It's not necessarily different for the woman-- ...but it's different for the-- ok. Ok. I should have known. The hotels television set had a movie on called "Bruno" last night. The remote control had so darn many buttons on it, I couldn't turn it off. So I had to just sit there while it happened to me. I wondered, 'How could they pick such a hotel?' Hmmm. Now I know. I have not found that to be the case. Can you believe it? He screwed up, not me. And where do you think you're going? Well, why don't I just save you some time and kick you in the stomach instead? Mmm-hmm. Ok. I'll go with you. Come on. Are you sure? It'll be fun. I was dancing and I did a split and I landed on my car keys in my pocket. I tore my scrotum. I need you to take me to the hospital. Everyone else is too drunk. Just don't let me die here. [over phone] What? [over phone] What? [over phone] What? Look, I would so take him in any other circumstance, but I'm pretty certain I'm completely wasted. [over phone] Is that Pam? Hey, have her come out! Have her come out! It would be like Coyote Ugly. Pam, it just happened. [over phone] I love you! [laughs] No. Let's talk for a long time. Are you sure this is the right way? Well, at least slow down a little bit because every little bump in the road is major pain on... my scrotum. I was trying to liven things up a little bit. I was kinda doing your job so-- [snickers] I spent the night with the bride the night before the wedding. Ah yeah. She stepped on my hand on her way to the bathroom. Is it zipping over your belly? Don't squish the baby. everybody see Kristie's stupid blonde extensions? It's like they were made from a plastic broom. Oh darling! You look beautiful. Oh, I hope he deserves you. Mom, you're totally projecting. You're being a drag. Hey, I'm going to go outside and talk to Dwight. [answers cell phone] Hey! Is this allowed? Oh, I wish I was a bridesmaid. Where am I gonna go? Wow. You look-- So beautiful. [Pam's starts to cry. Jim pulls up chair to sit next to her] Hey-- [takes her hand] Hey. You look just as I imagined you would. Pam, you're so pretty. And who cares? It's a stupid veil, right? There. Now we're even. [Pam laughs and mimes taking a picture, they kiss] You look great. [music starts playing and people start dancing down the isle] I begged them not to. I know you specifically put this song on your Do Not Play list. I'm sorry. Wait, what happened? You're okay with this? Hey Pam, did you see this? It was on You Tube. Look, We're in Puerto Rico, so- Pam, I'm sorry-- Go. Any questions? Hi Pam, is Jim there? Okay, that sounds good. Um, I'll let you go, just -tell Jim, that I said hi. It was. Puerto Rico was awesome. [goofy voice] Frank and Beans. [laughs] Always makes her laugh. And oh, Jim... So what'd you bring us? What else? [behind Pam, acting out blind-guy, groaning] Mallard. Okay, I'll get out of your hair. Hi! Coco Leche! That's my favorite! Oh, um, let me just check with Michael first. [laughs] I think it will too, but I'll just check with him, though. Frank and beans! You know what? Can I have the weekend to decide? You know what, I am really slammed, trying to catch up on everything here and I know that Michael's slammed too. So, maybe we should do this when things are a little less crazy. [unwraps rum gift] Oh, wow. Yeah. Yeah, no, it's nobody. [chuckles] Hmm... no. I don't. I was probably going to break up with her anyway. It is. You want me to be happy? Part of the problem is, she is the mother of a close friend of mine. More than a friend, a co-worker. It's okay. That could have gone one of two ways, but I never expected her to get upset. ...the blood is gushing down, the blood is gushing down... You know, I really would have appreciated a heads-up that you were into dating mothers. I would have introduced you to mine. [singsong voice] Who wants a hot chocolate? [sighs] Oh, so Dwight gave me this wooden mallard as a gift, and I found a recording device in it. Yes. So, I think if I played it just right I can get Dwight to play out the plot of National Treasure. That was a h*t job. If you read the Dunder Mifflin press release it clearly states that they had absolutely nothing to do with that particular cancer cluster. So if there is a lesson to be learned here and I'm not sure that there is, it is that in order to help our communities, we need to put other people's needs ahead of our own. Alright... Ok, oh no here's an idea... conservation... Nothing... nothing at all... it's all good! For trying to find happiness in the arms of a lover? She's messed up man... Maybe you're right, who are we to... Let's get back to the matter at hand. I don't like the tone here... this is a place of business, you are to listen to others, you are to give others respect, and you are to keep your personal issues out of it. Do not talk to me that way! I am your boss and I may someday be your father, so get out. I hope that you are willing to die in this office, because I am... Me too... Pam, just for the record, I think you're overreacting a little bit, your mom's old enough to make her own decisions. My mother's in a wheelchair. [walks up to Pam's desk with a binder] Hey Pam, could I talk to you for a sec? Well, I was hoping that maybe in light of everything that's happened today, it would be a good idea if today, you, me, and Michael could head into the conference room for some conflict resolution. Maybe you could just take the rest of the day off... you know... I don't... um... I can't hear your conversation. Heh, heh, heh. You were right Jim, shoulda listened to you, should never have told her. [Pam storms into break room] Okay, do you want me to stop seeing your mom? Is that how we're gonna get past this? Cause, I will. Well, that is not gonna happen! Because I assumed that you want me to be happy because I want you to be happy. You know what? I'm gonna start dating her even harder. [Pam storms out of the break room] Hey... [in the conference room] Hey Pam, can I see you for a second? So, Dwight heard you were having a really rough day. So he generously offered to wash our car. Yes, he did. You know what was nice, nights swimming in Bayou bay. [Michael is seen debating on whether to come back in to the office] Remember that older couple whose kids were also named Jim and Pam? Well, we went on a Segway tour and we're awesome at it and Frank and Beans! Yeah... maybe. He's trying to micro-co-manage me... or co-micro... manage... me. WB! Industrial P.! Makin' cold calls. [singing] Where are you? Dean Trophies. Suite 100. Sherman Blinds and Rugs. Suite 202. Yeah. I was gonna sing that part. How exciting! Do you guys know the sex yet? Truthfully, it wasn't the way he fell in. It was... how long it took him to get out. My mistake. Sorry. That- that's good for you. Pam's carrying our surrogate. Because my girlfriend needed to keep her figure for fashion week. So, we, uh, we put our baby in Pam. Doesn't matter what Pam looks like. Yeah. No I wasn't. Ok. The very idea of us together made you burst out laughing like you just bit into an Adam Sandler and jelly sandwich. Well- Some couples don't seem like a good match. You two do. Yeah. You know. Two peas in a pod. We complete each other. What can I say? She loves to cook- I love to dance- Right. Sometimes I'll just dance for hours in the living room- And a baby on the way? You must be so excited. Yeah. We are thrilled. In fact, we spent the whole weekend researching various birthing coaches. Wasn't that fun, honey? Oh, my gosh. Like a little magical foot just high-fived me. Oh, my gosh. It's like he's trying to say, 'I love you, too, Daddy'. I love you, too. [leans over and kisses Pam's belly] Well, that went pretty well. We got a maybe. It was our first maybe. Going by the Nard Dog curve, I'd say we nailed it. You know what? I'm sorry. 'Cause in that moment I knew I was kissing your belly too much. Yeah. What the heck was that? Agh- try almost cried, ok? I just got caught up in the fantasy. No. I know I'm gonna go with Miss Janet. I just- I don't know. It was fun to role play, right? I mean, it was fun for me. Having a wife and a little baby. Agh, I'm so sick of being single. What do you think of Erin? I mean- she's- I- She's kinda cool. You think I can do better? You're welcome. Whoa! [leans back] Almost fell. [they both laugh] Oh, sure. Oh, wait. Hand them to me upside down so I don't accidentally read them. Thanks. How did today go, by the way? Did you make any sales? Yeah, he is! He's, like, the coolest person I've ever met. Oh. Do you mean Marlon Wayans? 'Cause he is. Pam, would you care for a bagel? That's right. You're a woman and you need to refuse food the first time. I'll try again. Please Pam, reconsider and have a bagel. I have an early lunch. [walks into the office] Whoohoo! Pammy? Pam, aren't you going to introduce us to Michael's girlfriend? Hey-- Please, Kevin. You're fired. [Kevin looks at Jim; Jim shakes his head] Sorry, sorry. Work with a bunch of idiots. Shall we go? Oh, wait. Um-- Swartz Lumber is on the phone for you Pam and they say it's urgent. Oh man, that's crazy. Right as we were on our way out too. Rarely. If ever. Let me give it a whirl. I'll talk to them. That's okay. So, Pammy-- are you still liking sales? Just want you to succeed Pammy. You know what, we shouldn't even be talking about business today. Today is about family. Welcome Scott family. It'll be just a moment. What? All I see are boring old tables with no birthday decorations. Oh, wait a second! You mean this one? Wow! Oh. Thank you. Thanks for lending me the books. [laughs] Sticking with 49. The only time you should care about a woman's age is if she is too young for you and I am not robbing the cradle. If anything I am robbing the grave. Oh, well I like Nana, but I also like the classic Grandma. Definitely Grandma. [nods uncomfortably] That-- Hey, would you guys ever do a triathlon, do you think? So we should get the check? Yes you will. Gimme. Look at this wrapping paper. It's got the word love on it in every language. Wow. [whispers to Pam] Shel Silverstein. Um-- I have the measles and the mumps, a gash, a rash and purple bumps. And my teachers really mean-- Happy Birthday , I love you Helene. [hugging book] God... it's a scrapbook. Don't worry about it. You can just owe me. Oh, just went to the bathroom. I got thirsty. Honestly, for a long time I thought I was going to grow old with Holly. And then I met Helene. And she is great and she already knows and has done everything that I have ever wanted to do and can tell me about it. But, I think I want to do those things myself. Helene I think you're a wonderful person and I-- God-- I've enjoyed dating you and being your boyfriend so much. But I have to consider Pam's feelings as a friend and a co-worker I can not in good conscience continue to date you, when I know what this is doing to her. No it's not. Wow. That just-- you've really grown. And I want kids. And you... unfortunately, have already completed that part of your journey down there. Pamela Beesly Halpert-- May I have a word with you in my office please? Well, this is a work related matter. Yes. Yes. Join me please, won't you? [Pam gets up and follows Michael into his office] I am going to give you a raise. Because of all the good work you've done. That's-- no, no-- it's not about numbers, Pam. It's about attitude. Do you want the raise or what? Hey, Pam, Pam-- with this raise there are strings attached. [Pam sighs] And the string is attached from my heart to your mean attitude. No! No-- no I am not. Unless you want me to. DO you want me to? Cause I will. I will bribe you. No. Your face is saying don't-- unless I haven't offered you enough... your face isn't changing. What is it? Talk to me face. Tell me what Pam's brain is thinking. Come on! What do you want? What do you want? Do you want a million dollars? Do you want to h*t me? Want me to get down on one knee and beg you or-- What? [nervous laughter] Oh-- okay , what? I don't-- Are you kidding? Ye-- No. Alright. I'll take off my jacket and tense my stomach and you can just-- Okay. Okay. Okay. Pam, can I talk to you for a second? I heard about the h*t. Just-- make sure it's off company property, right? Okay, I think we should probably be okay. Okay. And-- the-the power-- comes from the back foot. So its-- its all one motion through the-- body. So you stay a little low and there's a twist. You keep your shoulder down and you kind of throw out the arm. [demonstrates punch] Pow! Yes. Yes. It has almost no calories. Yes. I know. [sighs] Okay. Alright. [Pam goes to punch him again] Oh-- God! Okay! [braces himself] Pam, Pam-- I'm really sorry. I'm sorry. So many things. I don't know. It's hard to choose. Maybe that-- Yes. Holy crap. No! Feel better? Did you? I don't like my character. Delta Burke, I do declare. Now, shall we get to the mystery? That's clever, Debutante. Nice accent. You sound like Forrest Gump. You are- Or maybe he's just stuck in character. It's going to be alright. We're a good company, we'll figure this out. We're not going under. Can't wait, we have to get you to our witch doctor right now. Come on. Come on. See ya. [Michael, Dwight, Andy and now Pam are in the circle and training their 'w*apon' on each other, Jim walks in] Really? Yeah, I want to go home. I think this was also the year he renounced Earth Day and vowed to the destroy the planet he once loved. Humans are terrible for the environment. Mmm. [seated] Ok. Ok. How 'bout this? [rises, waves, sits back down] I want it to be better than 'Great', Pam. How 'bout I remain seated... and I just do a little bit of a nod. Sort of a humble thing. [demonstrates] [doing an announcer voice] Ladies and gentlemen from Scranton, Pennsylvania, please welcome Michael 'The Machine' Scott. [Michael waves, twirls and sits down] The limo seats eight. Ok. Then Jim and Pam and Ryan plus a guest.Jim & Ok. Who else has heard the rumor that I am not as much in charge as Michael? [everyone raises there hands - including Pam] I am just as much of a boss as Michael and I can do anything that Michael can do. Alright? Who here believes that I have as much power as Michael? [Pam, after a moment, is the only one who raises her hand] I gotta make an example out of him. Should I just f*re him? To be honest, I don't know, but maybe I could just yell at him in front of people. Oh, well I yell. You've heard me yell. Well, that was apple-picking day and there's no need to yell that day, you know. I was just excited to find the car. Perfect end to a perfect day. Hey Pam, do you have a sec to check over this inventory? Oh, did you really look it over? Felt like maybe you didn't. [shows newspaper article and reads] "Local businessman pledges college tuition to third graders" To change lives. We've already rescheduled seven times. Well... No. Just tell me it is going to be okay, all right? I'm not a bad person, I bring good news. Like when I promised those kids I'd pay for college. Okay, all right. I can print out a new itinerary with Pam's name on it. Guys, I'm starting to think Pam's not really even pregnant. Excellent idea, Pam. There must be some reasonable explanation for this. Oh, really? From what, two to four? Ooh. Why would you wrap it in a sheet, if you're not covering anything up? I have been wanting to be Santa for years. I believe I have the right temperament, and the figure to do the job well. I slipped a note to Jim eleven weeks ago, and he said I could do it. [she awkwardly hugs Jim] It's been a long journey... but [sniffles] I'm Santa Claus! For several weeks, my Secret Santa has been giving me pieces of a machine that I've been attempting to assemble. I'm suspicious of this because I had the exact same idea, for catching O*ama b*n L*den. I would simply send him a different piece each day. He would assemble it, to find himself... in jail! That's funny. That's too funny. Heeeeeere's Santa! Hey little girl, what would you like for Christmas? Ooh, you have been a very naughty girl, I see. [points to Pam's' pregnant tummy] [singing] I saw three ships come sailing in, on Christmas day, on Christmas day... Who? Is it that obvious? [Pam starts towards Matt] No- hey... I don't think so. I had some. Okay Pam. Okay. What? Oh my God! That is fantastic. It's good, but it's not good enough. Keep working. And here's Pam. She's our international sales consultant. The NFL celebrated its 50th anniversary in 1972. Hola. Bonjour. Ni Hao. Hi. Thank you. It's nice to meet you all. Undistributable. I think we can do it. Right? Mm. Did we try printer first? Shredder at an angle - Fax, cable, then the scanner upside down? And - [Jim seals box with tape, rips covered with stickers] Wow. Really nice job. This group of people, when they put their minds together, they can do something great. And I think that you should all be proud of yourselves. [cell phone starts ringing from inside box] Alright, relax. We can do it. We just did it. So we can do this again. Erin, scissor me please. [Erin tosses open scissors across Jim and Pam] Alright, he's on his way up. Okay. Are we ready? Why do I have to explain everything? You sure it's saber? 20. Well, now we won't get lost. Or we could drive. And that takes one minute. Turns out, a lot of parents want the very best for their children. That's weird. But if not, there's always the army. The infantry. [after entering daycare] Ok, this is officially the cutest thing I've ever seen. Cubbies. I totally forgot about cubbies. Oh. Adorable, right? [opens kiddie bathroom, sees man on toilet] I walked in on someone in the bathroom. I just walked in on someone in the bathroom. I don't know. I don't know. Pam and Jim? Hey, I'm Jerry. No, no, no, no. Yes. We saw this, yes. No, it wasn't like a look around. We really just had a peek. Quick peek. Didn't focus on anything in particular. Okay. Hi, this is Jerry. We should just go. He's really uncomfortable. What if we just bring it up? We just put it out in the open? Yeah, if the time comes, we can discuss it. No. Well, you didn't consider the fact that it might not be going super well just because it might not be going super well? I guess Andy likes me. I never thought of him in that way. But, I guess in most romantic comedies, the guy you're supposed to be with is the one you never thought of in that way. You might have even thought he was annoying or possibly h*m*. Great! That's great. Congratulations. Have fun signing my commission checks, boss. What is that smell? Do you smell that? What is that? Like a sulfur deposit under here? No, I'm serious, we don't have to put up... Is it the dogs? Oh! [hits another key, they awkwardly dance together] No, no! You need to come by your sales honorably! I need a baby. I'll never outsell Jim and Pam without one. Also, I've been noticing a gaping hole in my life. Sometimes I wake up cradling a gourd. I cooked my way through Julia Childs' cookbook, and now, I'm halfway through the Twilight cookbook. Last night, I had Edward's corn flake chicken. I thought that maybe we should do something special for early dinner. One last ultra feast. [After Pam has a contraction] Oh, getting there, huh? No, no. I still have time. Yeah, we're slow-playing it because of our stupid HMO. Not to mention the extra night's sleep in the hospital will be very nice because once we bring the baby home, if it's crying all night, one of us is going to have to take care of it. And I do not plan on helping unless it's a boy. I cannot wait for that joke to be over. Happy to do it. Also, I did a heck of a job baby-proofing this office. Oh, yuck! TMI! How was it? I don't want to know. Tell me later. Let's go! Let's go! Hospital! Because the insurance company only covers two nights. [after Pam has another contraction] That's seven minutes. Here we go. This is happening. Come on. Are you serious? Pam. I... Pam, please. Yeah, no, you really should. Because if your baby's born tomorrow, he's going to have the same birthday as Butt-mud Brooks. My old roommate. Okay, but we are leaving at five minutes apart. So, the plan was seven minutes. But we're calling an audible, because that's her call. Because she's the quarterback. I'm just the left tackle who happened to get her pregnant. Okay, crazy. I think I have some better things to do with my day than worry about you, like sell printers. Well not until Friday 20% off toner cartridges, that's a big deal. While we're on the subject, why don't I just run you down to the hospital and we'll just do a quick check? [as Andy and Kevin shout "yeah!" in response to Michael] Okay, I feel like this noise is going to prevent Pam from being able to listen to her body's signals. [as Pam has another contraction] Oh! Oh, alright. That's a good one. Oh my God, Pam, you are a woman warrior. Does anybody have anything? Anything interesting, any hobbies, uh, special skills? Okay, you know what? I'm going to go give, uh, doctor Asmani a quick call. He'd probably know... Nope, nope, nope, nope. Come on, let's go to the hospital. Pam, let's go to the hospital right now. Mm-hmm. Okay, great. Well, sorry. Great. I will do that. Sorry, Pam, I just feel a little bit frazzled. And you know how very rarely I use that word. Frazzled. No, I don't. [Pam approaches as he sits in his car] Hey. Ah, you know me too well. Yeah? ... Oh. Did you say "she?" Mad? How could I be mad? We're having a little girl. Wow, we're having a little girl. Oh, man. Woo, alright. Well, I definitely feel better. Yeah. Alright... Hey, did you change? Oh. Oh... 35. Alright, almost made it. Almost made it. Too bad you didn't have sex like seven and a half hours later. But you had to have the afternoon delight. I understand. Sometimes you have to go for it. Let's go to the hospital, shall we? We can do... What is October feast? Hollywood. We have Ratatouille, from Ratatouille, and tandoori chicken, from Born Into Brothels. I tried to bake a cake like that District 9 prawn thing, but I... Are you okay? Let's give it a sh*t. Hey, come on. Let's go to the hospital. Pam, Pam, it's time. Let's go to the hospital. Let's go, Pam. Yeah, I think we should head out. Pam. You know what? Let's go. We got to go to the hospital. Two minutes... No, I told you to warn me at five minutes. We're okay, Jim! Okay, Pamela. You know what time it is? You're not going to. You know where you're going? Yes, you are. And you know what you're going to have? Has anyone checked how dilated she is? This is ridiculous! Okay, just breathe... She? You found out? Come on, guys. I wanted to be surprised. Yeah? Pull over! [Dwight begins throwing various w*apon out of the window] You're not allowed to impersonate a police officer! Don't make this difficult, Dwight! Okay. Okay. I know, I know. But my iPod is in the go bag. We'll be fine. Okay, so what do you want to do? Okay. I don't need a key. No, no, don't, don't tell me. Alalalalalalalalalala lalalalalala alalalalalalalala. Wait, you alright? Why don't you get more ice chips? Okay. Really push this time, Pam. [Pam screams as he approaches the door to their room] Guys? Hello? Um, sorry to be a bother, but if we could have an ETA when this is gonna... Oh, my God! Look at her! baby, she's so beautiful! Oh, my God. Okay. You can't smoke anywhere these days. No, let's let her rest. I'm sure there's still twelve on each. Great. I'm, uh... You know I think, uh, I think it's time for me to go. Love you, as a friend. Ooh, I want to hold the baby! Alright. Well, when you least expect it, expect it. I am going to fill the empty voids in your life with love. I am going to fill that empty hole in your body with another person. And, like Cupid, I am going to sh**t you with love. Great. Would you like me to take her to the nursery for the night? Okay, great. Ready? One, two, three... I can't. She's too strong. She's, careful, though. You don't want to break it. I got it. Alright. How you doing? Really? Well, you're pushing the milk out, right? Wasn't it... It's kinda like a... Like that. Oh! Really? Must have sat on it, Pam. Well, maybe we should take a break for a little while. I can take her to the nursery and then bring her back and try again a little bit later. Yeah, she'll be fine. I can always give her a bottle since we're in the nursery. Oh, good. You know everything. It's going to be alright. Careful... Wow, she just shoves the nipple right in there. Uh, hi, Pam Halpert? Hi. I'm Clark. Josie said you might benefit from a lactation consultant. Actually, uh, I'm the consultant. Got milk? Ha ha. Alright, let's see what we're working with. I'll get that for you. Okay. Let me feel here. Yeah, it's quite full. Why don't you put your hand on top of my hand. When you're feeding, you want to press in like this, make your hand in a C. Uh, does that hurt? Are you sure it doesn't hurt? I think she will. It doesn't... Why don't you bring your baby over here... She's beautiful. Well, you're doing a good job. Just stay relaxed, and I'll come back in a bit to check on you. Okay? Please do. What? Oh, uh, try the torpedo thing. No need. I saw him do it. I can try it. Goodbye. Hmm? Okay. Sshh. I know. [hands the baby to Pam] That's amazing. That's awesome. that's great. Knock knock. Hey. Pam, she's gorgeous. Can I hold her? What? Okay, okay. [waking up] Oh,has she been fussing long? How's it going? Right, okay. Yes, that would be the smart thing to do. Uh, Pam, I will be right back. Would you like me to help you up out of the chair? Yeah, we just got a lot of discharges today. Five tickets on the windshield... Hey. You used my move, didn't you? Good Lord! [Photo of Cece on Jim's desktop] I can't believe I'm missing this. No, Stanley, do you - I am currently reading incoherent riddles on blue index cards to find vital information that Michael has hidden all over the office. How are you? How about this one - 'When arrogant salesmen are mean to my face, a certain manager will go to his moppy place.' So some of the co-workers were thinking of going out tonight, but I told them- Ha! Knew it! It's a deal. Okay. Why? You've been gone for a long time. Yeah! [hugs Pam] Oh, I missed you so much. Yeah! So, the guy shows me the deck he's built. And I'm like, 'I'll call this a deck if it'll make you happy, but this is just a porch without a roof.' [laughter, Oscar looks toward door] It was ridiculous man, it was like-you could maybe get two chairs on the thing. Two lawn chairs. Yes. What is a nice girl like you hanging out with these bums for? [Julie laughs] Hey. Of course. Um, I'm gonna do a lap. See if I know anyone. I know. Hey, you're supposed to h*t the white ball first, buddy. Nice one. Can I talk to you for a sec? All right. Everything ok? You want to just make a run for it? [Michael playing air guitar on pool table] Wow. Maybe we should tell her that he's not normally like this. Yeah, why don't you send the bill to 23 I Don't Care Lane, Scranton, Pennsylvania? Okay, all right. Okay, whoa. I'm just kidding around. I'm sorry. She can't talk to us that way. Well, I am starting it again! I think I'm gonna go. Yeah. What's he usually like? All right. See ya. Nice girl. [crying] Then, I spilled my drink, and they wouldn't give me a refill. You all right? Actually, you didn't. [as Halperts arrive] Welcome back! Hey, thanks. It's my first day back after maternity leave. And I miss Cece, of course. But we need the money. What was maternity leave like? Oh, how do I explain it?... It rocked. It rocked my ass off. Well, I knew it existed, and I chose to let it die. [in Michael's car] Did you have a... did you like your lunch? Did you have a good lunch? Did you like that? Did you enjoy your food? It was good. I liked my lunch. Dwight, don't be gross. Same thing happens with my cows if I don't tend them frequently enough. You gotta milk them, or else they'll moo like crazy. [removes jacket, applies hand sanitizer] All right, this is gonna traumatize me a hell of a lot more than you, believe me. Really? Fine. Let your breasts explode. Three squeezes and I would drain you. I just like the way it feels. Just relax. Okay. This is like the Cadillac of pumps. Okay, I was just warming it up. It's not a big deal. Uh, it's not organic. Do you know what I mean? Who else did you sleep with? Did you sleep with Phyllis or Kelly or Pam? Maybe all together? So if you need anything, I'm right over there. Ok. Ok there. I heard that. So I'm sorry, Pam, but that's it. I'm going to have to suspend you without pay for two days. [standing behind Erin] I don't think this fax is going through. Is there a different... I can just put it through again, you know. Really? It was Andy, wasn't it? I hope you find what you're looking for. [talking on the phone] So I can reprimand them but I can't suspend them. Oh I can't do either. Uh huh. Fair enough. I called Tallahassee. He can ask you not to come in, but he can't dock your pay. That's not legal. Yeah, I also learned some interesting things about how they structure... Hey everyone. Hi. Quite an afternoon, huh? Cathartic in a way. I'm glad I got to share it with you. It makes you think about what's really important. [Pam hands Jim a note] It's not about showing you're in charge or flexing some sort of authority. It's about forgiveness. And yes, I'm talking about you three in this desk clump right here. I think that, if you were to apologize to me, then I would revoke your suspension. Yeah, I mean, the Count has a very distinct voice. Why didn't you do Oscar the Grouch? All right, so I'll finish up on bulk pricing, and then you go into delivery guarantee. [whispers] That's a good point. Yeah I think we have complimentary strengths. We understand each other. [whispering] I don't even know who you are anymore. You look exactly alike. No. Okay. Well, all that is irrelevant. Look, I know that I screwed up in there. I know that I probably messed up your sale. I just want to go in and fix it. What was that? Pam, you know he's not gonna get anywhere, and he's gonna blow our sale. Hey, the Schwab guy told us to treat every sale like it was a huge sale. She just crossed her arms together... that's bad. She does not like him. 'cause I stopped by your desk like 15 times a day. Well, the joke was on you. Pam? What do you think? Okay. What? In Japan, heart surgeon, number one. Steady hand. I don't know. I don't know. Can't really trust my feelings anymore. She suckered you too. Was it the cleavage? It's not a signal. It's just a coincidence. No, it's not even a coincidence. It's just something that happened. [hold up barrette] Well... Yeah, I know. I know. I know. You're right. Thank you. Thanks everybody. [waves, returns to his office, clears throat, turns around and runs out of office] Yup. That's exactly what we did. Okay, you get out of here, big dog. [high-fives Stanley] Ah, no, no, no, no. You guys sit down. I need ideas. You guys think Donna's cheating on me? Are you nuts? ... and... we had sex, too. How? How do I not make any more of it? No, no... Run what? Why didn't you just say that, Pam? It's never too early for ice cream, Jim. But we didn't have any ice cream, so this is mayonnaise and black olives. I know. Well, I hope you're right. We'll see what Dwight says. Michael, no... It's too late to undo it. I need to know. Otherwise this thing is going to spiral out of amok. God, this is so disgusting. I know. That's not true. [Pam stares him down] You're right, I ruin everything. And I've known some wonderful women. Holly, Carol, Jan. Helene? Oh. [to Pam] What? Hmm? Oh. It's probably nothing. Wait, so are you... you like heart-shaped jewelry, though, right? So there I am, minding my own business and Darnell offers me three bucks. All I gotta do is walk by Andy and go like this. [draws finger across neck] Darnell's a chump. I would have done it for anything. I've done a lot more for a lot less. Wow. [Pam knocks on Michaels door and goes in] That's exciting. Hey. Well it can wait. It can wait. Oh. And they are having problems, so sh... Good in bed. Oh, my God. Look at how cheap street level rooms are. Am I the only person who enjoys people watching? Okay, weirdo. Yeah I think it'll be a nice trip. We're gonna get a lot done. Yeah, I just remembered that I have to go to the bathroom. Pam? Who the hell is this? Who is this guy? God! Lowest of the low. That guy. Just a notch above Toby. You know what? I'm gonna k*ll him. No, I'm not. I feel... I... no, I'm not going to k*ll him. I have to hear it from her. I need to have her tell me herself. Right? I need to have her say... I need to say, "What the hell is that? What the hell is that?" No, God! No, no, oh, my God! Pam told me. [looks up at 2nd floor windows and so does Donna; Jim, Dwight, and Pam are visible on conference room window, they all scramble as soon as Donna and Michael look up, Pam throwing herself on the floor] Good work. [clapping] It's so exciting Pam. The Eagles are doing a theme of ice creams in honor of turning 60. Do you want me to go back to the store? This is all for Michael. It turns out his girlfriend was married. After his last breakup, he ate 40,000 calories in three hours. Right, Pam? That's what Pam told me. We have Mr. Bean playing in the conference room and the Pink Panther movie in his office. With half hour shifts to watch it with him. He's coming. [walks in] Hey everyone. Leave, get outta here. Right now! That's hilarious. No secret crying. Hasn't even opened the tissue box in there. I'm really too tired to do this. Then let's just not do this. Do you have any idea the risks involved? Hey. Oh, Hooters to go. Nice. That... exists? Okay, well, I'll have to take a rain check, but thanks for the offer. Pam. Can you two please join me in my office? Now. Sorry about that. Well, you were surprisingly restrained. Ah. I just wanna go on record as saying that I do not condone this affair, and I went so far as to force Michael to confront the victim of his behavior. I did. I have got big b*lls. [yawning] What about an energy drink or something? Well, it doesn't mean I can't drink it. A restful location. Talk to Glen. He'll take you up in the lift. Pam. Write your own damn novel. What was you? You were the leak? Uh-huh. Why'd you do that? Yeah. Okay, just relax. Just need to relax. You leaked it? I don't know what the best plan is, Pam. Oh god... my mind is going a mile an hour. Two whistleblowers... two! I always thought Darryl and Pam might get me fired for something I said. So see you in Meredith's van in five minutes. Yeah, you didn't need to actually say it. What do we got? [opening door] Hey guys, sorry I'm late. Okay, here's what we do. I say we just smash all the computers. We destroy the evidence. No evidence, no case. That idea sucks. That's just what we need, another black man in prison. You know, let's just... I mean, it could be you, Gabe. I mean, that's the point. I've, uh, I've been at Dunder Mifflin for 12 years, the last four as Regional Manager. If you want to come through here... See we have the entire floor. So this is my kingdom, as far as the eye can see. This is our receptionist, Pam. Pam! Pam-Pam! Pam Beesly. Pam has been with us for... forever. Right, Pam? If you think she's cute now, you should have seen her a couple of years ago. [growls] Any messages? Oh! Pam, this is from Corporate. How many times have I told you? There's a special filing cabinet for things from corporate. Really? I didn't... [looks at Pam] Did we get a fax this morning? Why isn't it in my hand? A company runs on efficiency of communication, right? So what's the problem, Pam? Why didn't I get it? Yeah, it'll be you. Yes? Hey. Watch this. This is Moe. Nyuck-nyuck-nyuck-nyuck-nyuck. Mee! [hold hand up for a high five] Ah, right here. Three Stooges. Oh, Pam. It's a guy thing, Pam. I'm sort of a student of comedy. Watch this. Here we go. [Yelling in cod German] I'm h*tler. Adolf h*tler. [Continues with cod German] I don't think it would be the worst thing if they let me go because then I might... I don't think it's many little girls' dream to be a receptionist. I like to do illustrations. Um... Mostly watercolor. A few oil pencil. Um, Jim thinks they're good. Downsizing? I have no problem with that. I have been recommending downsizing since I first got here. I even brought it up in my interview. I say, bring it on. Relax. Everything's under control. Uh, yeah. Yeah. That's important. Right. Oh this is so important, I should run to answer it. [Imitating Six-Million Dollar Man sound effect] Come on. Six-Million Dollar Man! Steve Austin! Actually, that would be a good salary for me, don't you think? Six million dollars? Memo to Jan. I deserve a raise. I'm sorry? I know. Hold on a second. I think Pam wanted to say something. Pam, you had a look that you wanted to ask a question just then. If I left, what would I do with all this useless information in my head? You know? Tonnage price of manila folders? Um, Pam's favorite flavor of yogurt, which is mixed berry. He put my stuff in Jell-O again. Do you like going out at the end of the week for a drink? That's why we're all going out. So we can have an end-of-the-week-drink. Tonight, hopefully. Hey, baby. Hey. Roy's my fiance. We've been engaged about three years. We were supposed to get married in September but I think we're gonna get married in the spring. No, no. Come on. Let's get out of here and go home. Just follow my lead. Don't pimp me, all right? Come in. So, uh, Corporate just said that I don't want to... Oh, thank you. Pam, can you come in here for a sec. Just have a seat. I was gonna call you in anyway. You know Ryan. As you know, there is going to be downsizing. And you have made my life so much easier in that I am going to have to let you go first. Why? Well, theft and stealing. Post-it Notes. 50 cents, yeah. If you steal a thousand Post-It Notes at 50 cents apiece, and you know, you've made a profit... margin. You're gonna run us out of business, Pam. Yeah. I am. [Pam starts crying] You been X'd punk! [Laughing] Surprise! It's a joke. We were joking around. See? OK. He was in on it. He was my accomplice. And it was kind of a morale booster thing. And we were showing the new guy around, giving him the feel of the place. So you... God, we totally got you. What is the most important thing for a company? Is it the cash flow? Is it the inventory? Nuh-uh. It's the people. The people. My proudest moment here was not when I increased profits by 17% or when I cut expenses without losing a single employee. No, no, no, no, no. It was a young Guatemalan guy. First job in the country, barely spoke English. He came to me, and said, "Mr. Scott, would you be the godfather of my child?" Wow. Wow. Didn't work out in the end. We had to let him go. He sucked. How are things? Oh no, I just decided not to. How's your headache? Good. Good. Yeah? Am I walking out? Yes, I... Do you want to... [Car horn honking] Oh, Roy. Solitaire? Six on seven. So then, why didn't you do it? Oh this is a good one. Fine. How are you? I admire your culture's success in America. Um... Shalom. I'd like to apply for a loan. OK, do me. Something stereotypical so I can get it really quick. Pam, come on. "I like your food." Come on stir the pot. Stir the melting pot, Pam! Let's do it. Let's get ugly. Let's get real. [Pam is asleep, resting her head on Jim's shoulder] Um... Hey. Hey. We can go. Pam. Pamela. Pam-elama-ding-dong. Making copies. Let's go. Messages. Stat. Lots to do, lots to do. Information superhighway. Lay them on me. What? That's not what you said earlier. Last night on Trading Spouses, there's... have you seen it? Interesting, what's that like? Wow. But then who would watch my TV? That is... There's no dental, there's no vision, there's a $1,200 deductible. [on phone] Pam, Michael Scott. How's tricks? Oh, I am in my office. I am swamped. I have work up to my ears I'm busy, busy, busy. Can't step away. I just wanted to check in and see how everybody's doing. Everybody cool out there? Pam! Whoa, whoa, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I, I, I, I gotta go. I'm getting a call. I have to make a call after I finish... my work. You know what? Uh, just don't let anybody in my office under any conditions today. I'm just too busy. Too swamped, you know? I am unreachable. I am incommunicado, capisce? Thank you, Oh, gah, here we go again. Gotta go, I have to take this. Still no one calling. I thought it was a workspace? Yes. And my decision in final. I don't need them. Superior genes. I'm a Schrute. And superior brain power. Through concentration, I can raise and lower my cholesterol at will. Ah, what? Which memo? It's like a pay decrease. You know what? Come with me. We are going on a little mission. Operation Surprise. Wait. What are you writing? Don't write Ebola or mad cow disease. Right? 'Cause I'm suffering from both. Oh, great. I thought you said you were inventing diseases? That's spontaneous dental hydroplosion. k*ller nanorobots? OK, can you hold on? I'm getting the, ah, beep. [presses button on phone]] Jim Halpert. Jim! Open the door! Jim! No, not at all. Jim! Oh yeah? Jim! OK, the health care plan. Who is it? Who's the birthday? Next person on the... ...calendar. Yes! All right, come on down Meredith! Um... uh, OK. Well, great, well, you know, it'll be a surprise. Well, there's green, um, blue... yellow... red... I think green is kind of whoreish. She's not the only one that's going to be eating it, right? I think everybody likes ice-cream cake. It's not, uh, it's not just about her, so... There's one other thing and this is important. Let's keep this alliance totally a secret. Don't tell anyone. Oh yeah. Oh, my gosh, well... Listen, Oscar, generosity and togetherness and community all convalescences into... morale. That's what I say, so... Sure, what's up? Oh no? No, will not, I'm not going to tell anybody. This is between you and me. You know what? If I were allergic to dairy, I think I'd k*ll myself. 'Cause this is way, way too good. Pam, he's in a box. He's downstairs, in a box, on the floor, near the shelves. I'm serious. Go down there and work your magic. Son of a b*tch. That is impressive. OK, OK. I have something that totally tops the box. But before he does so, I told him that he should dye his hair to go undercover. No, no, dude, no. No, dude, no, I was just, listen! Whoa. God, I don't even, I don't even know how to explain this. Uh, um... Dwight, uh, asked me to be in an alliance. And then um... um... we were... we've just been messing with him. Uh, because of the whole alliance thing. Um... Keep me out of it. You still getting it regular man? Huh? I mean, I can tell her it's part of the job! Rapport! [hits Pam in the head with a piece of paper] Off the backboard! Oh, Pam with a zinger. Hey, Pam, how would you, like to be our cheerleader today? You know, some, ah, pigtails? A little, ah, halter top, you could tie that up. And you know, something a little, just, youthful, for a change. Just this once? Yeah, I bet you would. Just try not to be too gay on the court. And by gay I mean, um, you know, not in a h*m* way at all. I mean the uh, you know, like the bad-at-sports way. I think that goes without saying. You coming down? You gonna wish me luck? Is that trash talk from Pam? Oh. Well, I'm going to the outlet mall on Saturday, so if you wanna save big on brand names and Roy has to work, which he will, because I'm also competitive, you should feel free to come along. Who's got Roy? [Jim does a behind the back move around Roy for the basket] [to Pam] ...so I talked to the scout, it looks good. Hey baby. [to Jim] Look at Larry Bird. Larry Legend. Tah, come on Dwight. Just help me out here. That's just stupid. Pam! Burger with cheese! And fries! And shake! What? Go ahead. No, no, no. No vendors in the office. That is a distraction. Pam. Pam. Come on, I'm busy. So just tell her to go away. Wow, thanks. So are you jealous 'cause there's another girl around? She's prettier than you though. I know, it's unbelievable. [Katy walks through breakroom] Man, I would be all over that if I wasn't dating Pam. Okay, shhhh stop... stop whatever you're doing because this is going to be good. [mimicing Dwight in high-falsetto voice] Hi my name's Dwight Schrute and I would like to buy a purse from you. Good lord, look at these purses! This is something special. Oh my God is this Salvatore Di-chini-asta? Yes, well I want to stress test it. You know, in case anything happens. Oh! That was really. [Dwight hits purse against table] This is necessary to do to really give it a good workout. This is the ooooh... This is the prettiest one of all. I'm going to be the prettiest girl in the ball. Oh, how much? [gives Dwight a thumbs-up - mouths the word] Good. He did pick a good one. This one's really good for a hot date. [laughs] Congratulations. You need a hot date more than anyone. Did we get any mail? Yes you did. Yes, you did. Just checkin'. Just checkin', double checkin', checkin' on the check. Thoroughness is very important in an office and... A futon? What's up? Are you still mad at me? Come on [begins to tickle Pam] Come on, you mad at me? Are you still mad at me now? Are you mad at me now? Huh? huh? Come on... Come on, Pammy I was just kidding. I was just kidding. You know I didn't mean it. I can't... What's up? Thank you for choosing me. Ah, well I think I'm gonna see Katy. Yeah. Oh, man I don't know. Uh, dinner, drinks, movie, matching tattoos. And stuff... yeah. What are you doing? Okay. That's cool. That is cool. Well, I'll see you Monday though, right? Okay. So, you ready for the... the Dundies? Ugh... [in video] To Oscar Martinez it's the "Show Me the Money" award! Yeah! [in video]...a little bit of Phyllis everywhere... Live and learn. So, what's the joke? You're not perfect either. So who are we laughing at? What is it? Who wrote it? That is defacement of company property. So you better tell me. Kelly, if you tell me, you'll be punished less. Excuse me, everyone, could I have your attention please. I just wanted to say that the women in this office are terrible. Especially the ones who wrote that stuff about Michael on the bathroom wall. Having a bathroom is a privilege. It is called a ladies room for a reason. And if you cannot behave like ladies, well then you are not going to have a bathroom. Be prepared to hold folks [Michael comes out of his office] From 9 am to... Yes. Yeah, let's get out of here. Um, guys, where you going? Pam, show's just getting started. Well, we'll fix it up. You don't have to display that.[Pam and Roy are at the truck, arguing.] ...talking about? He's a jackass every year. [Put's his hand on Pam's arm] Come on, we're going to Poor Richard's. Pam. Go. Hey! How are ya? I thought you left? Oh! Oh. Right? You know wat I'm talking 'bout. [Pam starts sipping an empty glass] I think those might be empty. [give Kevin his award]There you go. [starts clapping] Yeah, alright Kev.[More people start clapping] Yes, I have not gotten one either. So, keep going. [getting his spirit back] Alright, alright, alright, okay. Alright, we'll keep rolling. Okay, this is the fine work award. This goes to Stanley, for all the fine work he did this year. You know you did. Get on down here! Pam Beesley ladies and gentlemen! [Pam grabs the microphone from him] Oh, here we go. I have so many people to thank for this award.[Quick cut to Jim laughing and staring at Pam with amused wonder] Okay, first off, my Keds. Because I couldn't have done it without them. [people clap] Thank you. Let's give Michael a round of applause for MC-ing tonight because [people start clapping again] this is a lot harder than it looks. And also because of Dwight too.[Dwight stands up, but nobody claps] Um, so, finally, I want to thank God. Because God gave me this Dundie.[Quick cut to Jim, he's doesn't know whether to laugh or take her seriously, so he gives her an amused/appreciative grin] What? Okay. It's okay, I'm going to use my shirt.[Dwight starts taking off his shirt, but gets stuck] Was this year's Dundies a success? Well, let's see, I made Pam laugh so hard, that she fell out of her chair, and she almost broke her neck. So I k*lled, almost. Whoa. Yes, that too, but I mean with the audio. Great work. Oh, here she is. Careful, careful, whoa. Alright, easy. Almost there. sh**t.[Pam stares at Jim for a little while, then glances at the camera, realizes she's on camera] Alright. I'm really excited to meet your Mom. You are? My Mom is coming in to visit. And she lives like two hours away. And she doesn't have a cell phone... which is cool cause it's kind of adding some suspense to my day. And I keep looking over at the door hoping she'll walk in. Oh yeah? Good. Cause I have a lot of questions. So remember, intent is irrelevant. And that's it. Pam? MILF! Thanks, Kevin. Usually the day we talk about sexual harassment is the day that everyone harasses me as a joke. Great point. That's what she said. Pam? Don't ever let this little b*tch drive you around town. We got, uh, lost for half an hour. Um... hello. Finally made it! Hello! This is all yours? So a guy goes home, tells his wife, "Honey. Pack your bags. I just won the lottery." She goes, "Oh my god! That's incredible! Where are we going?" He goes, "I don't know where you're going, just be out of here by five!" [men laugh] Boom! Oh, right! I remember... with the picture. Sure. [to Roy] Oooooh! Oh, thank you! So! We ready for dinner? So which one is Jim? I just wanted to know. All right. Okay. Okay. Times have changed a little. And even though we're still a family here at Dunder-Mifflin, families grow. And at some point, the daddy can't take a bath with the kids anymore. I am Upper Management. And it would be inappropriate for me to take a bath with Pam. As much as I might want to. [looks bored. Taps finger on desk. Head falls to desk] [laughs] Every so often, Jim dies of boredom. I think today it was the expense reports that did him in. And our deal is that, it's up to me to revive him. Mm-hmm. No way. Let's do this [crumples post it and throws into mug. Misses.] Oh. Wind. Perfect. [misses] Oh, most honorable Pamera. Not offensive, because that's the way they talk in movies. We are. Dwight and I are going to the big thing. So why don't you have everybody work on their expense reports and I'd like them in by the end of the day. Very good. We will. Um, did you do the thing I asked you to do about the magazines? Good. The Small Business Man? Maxim? American Way? Cracked? How about, uh, Fine Arts? Aficionado Monthly? NO, well can you get on that, because I don't just read Cracked. Thank you. Yes it does. Yes it does my friend. Ok, we will be competing for gold, silver and bronze yogurt lids. You have what is the national sport of Icelandic paper companies. And I'm blanking on the name, can you help me out Pam? Hum. Fair enough, but I like Flonkerton. Here we go. Here we go. Dig deep, dig deep! OHHHhhh! It's Phyllis! Phyllis by a nose. Gold medal in Flernenton. Question. My grandparents left me a large number of armoires. I'm sure. I have one, yes. I call it Pam Pong. I count how many times Jim gets up from his desk and goes to reception to talk to you. Ryan Howard. Ryan! [claps] Gold medal. What? [looks in box] Oh my god. Where did you have time to make that? Alright Pam, alright [gives her hi-five]. Nice work! Hey. Mmm. Hey, can you ignore those and do something for me instead? Okay, today. 5 o'clock. Closing Ceremonies. Notify the athletes. Jim Halpert. What? How did you get this number? Stalker. So we're still on for lunch? You're meeting me here? Okay. Great. Bye. And, um... Wow. Wow. Bridges of Madison County, Legally Blond, these movies are just... . Wait, wait, wait. Pam. No. Do you understand? The... the game is Desert Island Movies, not guilty pleasure movies. Desert Island Movies are the movies you're going to watch for the rest of your life! Forever! Unforgivable. Unforgivable. Pam? Get us back into it. Five movies. Go ahead. Ooh, definitely in my top five. What? Okay that's five. Pam, play by the rules. Yeah, it's all him and Michael talk about anymore. He doesn't even know that I do that. Oh yeah, Pam. Right. That's going to help things, just talk it out. I hope the w*r goes on forever and Ryan gets drafted. Thanks you guys. I just need some alone time. Nothing. How about you Pam? Yeah, I like Oscar. Okay, um, first, Legally Blond. Happy Halloween, everyone! [notices Pam, in her cat costume] Oh... that's great! I mean you hear about layoffs in the news, but when you actually have to do it yourself, it is heavy stuff. It's... these are people's lives you're talking about. Yes. Yes. Yeeesh. Um, Pam, I have to let somebody go today. This is, uh, the hardest thing I've ever had to do. Because it's very scary stuff. You're worried about the party? There's a man's life at stake here. No. Or a woman. A human life. If you had to guess, who it would be based on their job performance... and who you think deserved to be fired - who would that be? And... sometimes you just let it go to voicemail. I know. I sent away for it in July from a catalog. [bobs his head around, causing the costume head to jiggle around] Wait, what are you again? Oh, right... Three-hole PUNCH! [punches Jim in the chest and cracks up laughing] Okay, okay... Nice. Dwight is... special. But, I don't believe that his talents are being used in this office. So Pam and I have put his resume on Monster.com, Google, Craig's List. We're really interested most in jobs that take Dwight out of state. Um, preferably Alaska... or India. Those aren't chips and dip. Uh! I'm just trying to figure out why you're sabotaging things. And I made cookies. Same category. I'm guessing Angela's the one in the neighborhood who gives the trick-or-treaters some toothbrushes. Pennies. Walnuts. [on the phone] So you got the fax? So why didn't you add it to the res... ? What do you mean? Of course martial arts training is relevant. Oh, excuse me! I know about a billion Asians that would beg to differ. Uh, yeah, I get a little frustrated when I'm dealing with incompetence. Well, you know what? You can go to hell, too. And I will see you there... burning. Fine! Okay... oh wait! So you'll let me know when you've made a decis... [stops and hangs up phone.] Jim is really talented. And he should be the one who's getting a better job offer. Like, for real. Um... it's in Maryland. Yeah. Yeah. You know what? Maybe... maybe I will. [starts walking away] Get off, get off. No, no. OK.. just get off.[sits back down in his chair and waves Jim off.] Just, just... yeah. It wasn't me. [watching nearly everyone leave] What about the Halloween party? I don't want to stay until seven again this year. I don't really have any control over that Stanley. [to Pam] Hello, oh God, busy work. Ahh, get away, cretin. Yes, thank you. I know where to sign. Last year they were out of order, weren't they Pam? Updating emergency contacts. Calling from... [Ryan hangs up] You making this up as you go along, aren't you? Well, at least I don't have cavities. And this is more a ying-yang thing. The 'Michael' all cursive, the 'Scott' all caps. Left brain, right brain. Or, duality of man. Ok, he has to be stopped. Please, please, please, please, just ask Michael. Ok, I'll buy you a bag of chips. Obviously. [Pam knocks on his door] Go away. I haven't signed them, ok? Come in. Um, Pam, I hate to break this to you but Dwight can't stop you from being mugged. He's just not tough enough. Oh, I could b*at up Dwight. That's ridiculous. I could m*rder him. Oh, so that's what they are saying? [Reading Pam's palm, while she has on extremely padded gloves] Wow, that is really interesting. Your love line- I'm just kidding. I can't see anything. [Jim moves his head closer and Pam taps him gently in the face] Oh, ok. [Gently taps Pam on the forehead] Tied up. What, what are you going to do? Bring it, Beesley. Bring it. Oh yeah, good move. Not such an ultimate fighter now. Later, Kev. [Puts French Onion Potato Chips on Pam's desk] Have a good weekend. Well, you don't even have anyone to go home to, Toby. Good. Yeah, who dry-cleans jeans? Michael and his jeans. He gets in them, and I'm not exactly sure what happens. But I can tell you, he loves the way he looks in those jeans. I know that's why he started casual Fridays. That is unbelievable. We are doing worst first dates. Ok, that's a joke. Wait, when was this? Just one joke. Ok. Well, if it's just gonna be one, I will think of a different joke. Umm... let's see... choo choo choo. Pam, it's Michael. I need you to go into my office and check some data for me. Yes. No. Nope. Told it. Not as good as you think. Pick another one. Oh ho ho, yea! Bingo! And a lighthouse. Yes. That is hysterical. Could you start that one from the beginning? Is this real? [Pam dumps Michael's screenplay on Jim's desk] Agent Michael Scarn. How long is this? [flips through pages] Oh, Pam. Good work! Oop, wait, stop. Drawings. Thank you for noticing. Now keep me company for one more mission. [Pam gets up to talk to Roy] Samuel, you are such an idiot, you are the worst assistant ever. And you're disgusting, Dwigt. [out of character] Wait, who's Dwigt? That's actually a good idea. We'll all take a brief intermission. [To Pam] Hey, are you hungry? [Pam lights a candle] Wow. Nice. That's excellent, because bugs love my famous grilled cheese sandwich. So, I guess I'll see you in [looks at watch] ten hours. Travel. I've been looking forward to it. It's gonna be... really nice. Gonna find myself. Jan didn't come back for her car last night. Could it be that Agent Michael Scarn has finally found his Catherine Zeta? No way. Some might even say that we had our first date last night. Really. Cause there was dinner, by candlelight. Dinner and a show, if you include Michael's movie. [Pam nods reluctantly] And there was dancing and fireworks. Pretty good date. You're right, we didn't dance. It was more like, swaying. But still romantic. Least I didn't leave you at a high school hockey game. Pam, could I see you in my office? Pam, you're trustworthy- And a woman- And I want you to listen to a voicemail from my boss. [Jan on recording] "Michael, it's Jan. I guess I missed you. I'll, uh, be there this afternoon for performance reviews. I hope it's understood that that will be our only topic of discussion. See you soon." First impressions? [playing Jan's message] "I guess I missed you." I guess I missed you. So, she misses me? But then she goes on to say "that will be our only topic of discussion". That doesn't mean anything, those are just words. Ok. Yeah, what, what? Ohhh, great. Well, now I'm in a terrible mood. Let's do your performance review- Ah, why, that's great news? That, that, then why would, why would I not like that? It's all about my bonus. Ohh... Eck!... Oh! Also, it is Thursday, but Dwight thinks it's Friday. So, keep that goin'. I actually look forward to performance reviews. I did the youth beauty pageant circuit. And I enjoyed that quite a bit. I really enjoy being judged. I believe I hold up very well to even severe scrutiny. Yeah? Pam, I have ideas on a daily basis. I know I do. I have a clear memory of telling people my ideas. Um, is there any chance you wrote any of my ideas down? In a folder? A "Michael-idea" folder? That's unfortunate. How 'bout the suggestion box? There's tons of ideas in there. The suggestion box that I put out, and people could be put in suggestions anonymously? Maybe there's prizes? [on phone] We'll address this in the meeting then. Ok. Ok, bye-bye. [to Pam] Could you please tell Michael that I'm here? Please don't smell me, Michael. Hey, how's it goin'? Course, it's on every Thursday night, so how could I miss it? Who? Who was it? Who did he f*re? I don't understand- [phone rings] Hold on. Sorry. [answers] Yes, Pam. I'm kind of in the middle of something. I wish you wouldn't interrupt. No, it's in like ten minutes. Smallville. And that is why, I feel, that I deserve this raise. I don't really wanna picture it. But thank you, Pam. Um, you don't, I don't think, come all the way back, you know. Especially working together. Oh- Never missed a day, my ass. Good. [Pam overhears] What? Hmm... No. [humming] Uhhh, ew, ew, ew... .Maybe? It's like squishing a spider under a book. It's gonna be really gross but I have to look and make sure that it's really dead. Sooo... [to camera guys] If you guys see anything... ? Nice. Does he have access to their medical records? Meredith has an E-vite from Jim. Barbeque at Jim's tonight. Tonight? Wonder where my e-vitation is. Click on guest list. Angela, Stanley, Oscar, Meredith, Phyllis, Kevin, Creed. Must be... .[scrolls down list] No. Hi. It's ok. No. Are we supposed to? Hmm... [Pam reaches towards vending machine] Excuse me. That's pretty young. Hot, tasty. Reminds me of college. Lived on this stuff. Brain food. Mmmm... You know what I really, really miss about college? The parties. Everybody'd go. The athletes, the, the nerds, professors. It's true. I'm having a party. I've got three cases of imported beer, a karaoke machine, and I didn't invite Michael. So three ingredients for a great party. And it's nothing personal, I just think that if he were there, people wouldn't be able to relax, and you know, have fun, and my roommate wants to meet everybody. Because I'm pretty sure he thinks that I'm making Dwight up. [sighs] He is very real. So, Dwight thinks that tonight is a surprise party for Michael. I know. [laughs] Oh man. Oh, you know what, speaking of which, I was just trying to get a handle on, you know, numbers for food and stuff. So do you think that Roy's gonna come, or... Hey, Pam. Do you need me to walk to your vehicular transport? Great. [to a group of guests] Just wanna let you guys know that we will be taking the tour like I promised- Hey! Just in time! You wanna go on the group tour? We were just about to leave. Yeeehh, ok. See, I knew we lost somebody on the tour. It's- This is my desk. My home office, this is it. Ok, sure. Will do. Yeah, that... Yep, that feels about right. You know what? Let's just leave that image out of it, because this is a happy place. Happy thoughts, Pam. Happy thoughts. Yeah, you don't have to, ummm. Alright, yes, that's not gonna be awkward at all. Oh yeah. I think it's alright. Jesus drank wine. [Pam overhears] Sure. You tell me. Well, you do mean you and Jim right? Oh God. I am so sorry, I thought, you guys hang out all the time and you're talking all the time. I'm sorry! Oh by the way how's your side project going? Really? Yeah, it turns out I was, um, just grasping at straws. I want people to cut loose. I want people making out in closets. I want people hanging from the ceilings, lamp shades on the heads. I want it to be a Playboy Mansion party. And also, I want you to spread the word that I will have my digital camera. And I'll be taking pictures all along the way. And the best and craziest thing that happens will be on the cover of the newsletter. Incentive. I'm sorry, everybody. Pam. I thought that was called Nasty Christmas. Yankee Swap! That's what makes it fun. Pam, you can steal the oven mitt now. Pam, steal something or pick the final gift. Sure you don't want the teapot? Right. [after Phyllis leaves suddenly] What is she so upset about? You got a bonus check? This is awesome. Yeah, I was gonna get you one of these for Christmas, and now I don't have to. I'm gonna save a ton of money. You know, you don't have to answer calls during a party. Just thought you should know. But .. Well, either way. This is an amazing gift because it comes with bonus gifts. Look inside. [opens teapot] Oh my god! The yearbook picture! Yeah, I think I made the right choice. Yeah, Steve, whatever his name is. No, no, no, no, no. That's my pencil cup. Uh, I think so, and you're going to hand it over to me. Ah! Ha ha ha! "It's time for our first quarter camaraderie event, so pack a swimsuit, a toothbrush, rubber-soled shoes, and a ski mask." So that he can have us rob a bank, and then escape through the sewers. Yeesh, how old is this ship? Titanic? Whoo! Who's next? Come on, Pam! Come on! Come on! That's what I'm talking about! I've just gotta wait for Darryl to do his sh*t. Just a minute. Come on! [chanting] Darryl! Darryl! Yeah. [chanting] Darryl! Darryl! Darryl! Well... Oh, um... [A long silence.] I'd like to be engaged. How did you manage to pull that off? Yes! I can marry you as regional manager of Dunder-Mifflin! Then I'll give you away! [off camera] Yeah, that's right. Pam! It's Michael. Help me! I need help right now. I'm hurt, I have hurt myself. Oh my God! Ungh, this is not looking good Pam! What? What's going on? I'm sorry? Pam. Pam, could you come get me?! [silence, Dwight enters the office] What is going on? What is going on? I don't want Dwight! [sounds of a car crash] What was that... Oh! It's broken right, he can't... Oh Dwight, Dwight, [Dwight pukes on his back windshield] Ohhhhhh!Jim and Oh my God! Morning everyone. Don't freak out. I forbid anybody to freak out. Clearly, I have had a very serious accident, but I will recover, God willing. I just want to be treated normally today. Normal would actually be good, considering the trauma that I've been through. Did you explain why? Thank you. Pam, messages please? Really, well, it, uh, seemed very important to you earlier that you needed to stay and... Sorry. I don't want any special treatment, Pam. I just want you to treat me like you would some family member who's undergone some sort of serious physical trauma. I don't think that's too much to ask. Aw, man, is that a Prism Duro-Sport? Yeah, they're like an i-Pod only they're better 'cause they're chunkier and more solid. Oh, no no no. Don't go there. I know this Russian website where you can download songs for two cents a piece. Yeah, I'll write down the address for you. Only, the only thing is, is that all the songs are in Russian. ... Kidding! Why would they all be...? Ok, see you later, Pan. Pam... PAAAM!? Oh, God. Come here please. I want you to rub butter on my foot. Pam, please? I have Country Crock. These covers are totally indestructible. Oh no, it's broken. No, it's fine. I told you it wouldn't break. You could throw it all day long. So, I guess Pam and Dwight are friends now. Do you think Dwight's bein' a little weird today? And that isn't weird? First is parking. You can't block the freight entrance with your car, even if your blinkers are on. Does anybody have any questions? [to Dwight, whose arms is raised] Yes. Yeah? yes... Ahh! Ok, Pam, thanks. You're the best. It smells like chicken soup. I have to go to the hospital. Where we going? I'll be back, I mean... Why? Aw, Pam, you're adorable [taps her nose] [giggles] Fine. Fine. Dunder Mifflin, this is Jim. Uh hmm, he should be fine, but, uh, they brought him in for a CAT scan. Michael went in there with him too. It's pretty sweet. Uh huh. But they shouldn't be much longer now, so we'll be back soon. Ok. Bye. What's up, Pam? Ok... Not much what's up with you? Yeah. Drop what you're doing. Make this a priority. Because an office can't function efficiently unless people are at their desks doing their jobs. Oh my God! That is so exciting! Can I be a bridesmaid? Listen, you don't have to answer now. But how are you going to do your hair? Who took all the black ones? So, how did Oscar sound when he called in? Sniffling how? Three. Ok, good, thank you. That wasn't so hard now was it? Hilarious. Hey. [Holds up Hooters t-shirt] Just you know politics, literature. Nice... she issohot. Hey. Ah, coupon for a free sandwich. It expired in August, and my cell phone charger from two years ago. Hey oh, listen, um, I told Michael on the booze cruise. It's so stupid. Um, I told Michael that I had had a crush on you when you first started here. Well I thought that, I figured you should hear it from me rather than, I mean you know Michael. And seriously, it's totally not a big deal, ok? And when I found out you were engaged, I mean. Oh you did? No, no, you saw through me, great. Oh yeah, yeah... hope that's okay. And Pam it was like three years ago so I am totally over it. Oh, I thought it was a volunteer thing. Yeah I'm fine. Look, about you and Jim. No, I feel it's my responsibility as your boss slash friend. It wasn't that long ago. It was on the booze cruise. Ready? Spamster! Hamster. Welcome back! How was your vacation? Yeah? Did you get lucky? Oh! Boink! I am Pam. Spicoli guy. Oh, God. Names, numbers. Okay. [walking into office] Whoa! God! Yuck, yuck. Yuck. Yuck! Wow! What happened in there? There is stink in there, my God! What is... what is that? Is it a bird? [pounding on door] Michael, I ... I ... I gotta get outta here. I can't hold my breath that long. Hey! Welcome back! So, how was the resort? Did you ski a lot? [smelling the stink] Oh. Wow. Watch out, Pam. You're next! [on phone, whispering] Am I the 107th caller? We can go back in, like, a couple of weeks maybe. Okay, maybe another month, like, maybe for, like President's Day or something. 30. Extreme Home Makeover puts together a house in an hour. If you were on that crew, you would be fired like that. [snaps] You know what? Today is not a good day for a sales contest. We're... we're not... we're not doin' this today. Well I hated it! A lot! Okay, I... you know what? If the guilty person would just come forward and take their punishment, we'd be done . [no one comes forward] Very well. Then you are all punished. You have seven unheard messages. [voicemail message for Jim] Hey, Jim. It's Pam. I keep looking up to say something to you and then Michael's there and it's horrible. Anyway, I'm bored. Come back! [voicemail message for Jim] Hey, guess what? I moved my computer so I can't see Michael's head. It's working. I think I can have a career as a very specific type of decorator. [voicemail message for Jim] Sudoku. Level moderate. 18 minutes. Suck on that, Halpert. [voicemail message for Jim] I'll transfer you. Dunder Mifflin, this is Pam. Hold, please. Dunder Mifflin, this is ... okay, sorry. Michael was standing at my desk, and I needed to be busy or who knows what would've happened, so thank you. [voicemail message for Jim] Hey, what's that word we made up when you have a thing stuck in your shoe? Anyway, I have a thing stuck in my shoe. [voicemail message for Jim] Hey, I have a chance to sneak out of here early, and I'm not messing this up, so I'll see you tomorrow. So, I'm happy to be here. It's very nice to see all of you. You're all looking well. Ladies, I am so, so sorry. Can we start again? We were on such a roll. I... I... really apologize. Yes, Pam? I'm so sorry about that... um... so where were we? Pam, are you okay taking notes then? Really? I thought they were pretty... Great, great. And Pam, what about you? What is your dream? She's real good. You know the company is offering a design training program in New York. Well, it's only on weekends and then a few weeks in New York, but I'm sure that I could ask Corporate to help you out. [in the background] He told everybody so I just want to know is that a baseball term... Hey! It's a complete... well, actually it's exactly what you'd expect, so... How are the girls? Did you really? Oh. Good. Nice. Well, what's it all about? I think you should do it. That's great! Excuse me. I've been told there's been some interest in forming a Union and that Michael supported it. Obviously he's not a friend of yours because he didn't tell you the facts. So let me. If there is even a whiff of unionizing in this branch, I can guarantee you the branch will be shut down like that [snaps her fingers]. They unionized in Pittsfield and we all know what happened in Pittsfield. It will cost each of you a fortune in legal fees and union dues and that will be nothing compared to the cost of losing your jobs. So I would think long and hard before sacrificing your savings and your futures just to send a message. If you have any further questions you can direct them to... to Michael. So you're not doing it. Why not? Come on. Roy said that. You got to take a chance on something sometime, Pam. I mean, do you want to be a receptionist here, always? You are? Yeah. Is it good to be back. Yeah. I mean I love the guy stuff but to run an office you need men and women. You know why? Because you need to have that crazy sexual tension to keep things interesting. I really like Valentine's Day in this office. It's kinda like grade school. Everybody gives out little presents and stuff. Like last year, Jim gave me this card, with Dwight's head on it, it was horrifying and funny and... Would you sign here? [Phyllis gets up from desk and walks over.] Hey, Pam. You heart N.Y., right? You want me to pick you up anything? Woah. [Delivery man with flowers] Really, Oh, they're from Bob again. Phyllis Lapin. Pam. Hi, How ya doing? Good. Listen, uh may I speak with you... privately? No, Pam, Just. Just, [tilts head away, towards another room] [same time as Pam] Girlfriend. Yes, and the reason I didn't get anything for this particular person - who shall remain nameless - is that she's not really the kind of person you'd think would be into Valentine's Day. She's kind of... (smirking) Exactly. You mean, like a ham? Ok, I get it. [with flowers] Can you sign? Yeah. Nothing for me? Hey babe. You almost ready to go? What's wrong? What, you're mad at me? Good. [Michael leaves office] Yeah. Alright, Beesly, Hey, Happy Valentine's Day. Goodnight Pam. [Leaves with oversized bear on back.] What did I do to deserve this? No. Hey, I heard you got a wedding dress. Do you have pictures? Oh, I should get back. Talk to you guys later. Ok, cool. Insult. Excuse me! May I have your attention please? There has been an accident on 84 West. Cars have skidded off the road into the safety railing. Several cars have flipped. There is broken glass everywhere. Several people are injured. As your leader and your friend, I sort of demand that you can all speak in public as I can... and did... twice. [speaking to camera] You saw the plaque, right? [to office] All right. We're all going to go around the room and we're going to make toasts. And that way, we will overcome our fear of public speaking. Pam! I'm public speaking. Stop public interrupting me. Actually, this would be good practice for your wedding toast. Why'd you pick the V.A. for the reception? You're inviting Jim? I always set it at 69. [snickers] Oh. [shouts] Together that we prevail! [cheering and clapping] I'm going. I'm a little nervous to run into Dwight on his connecting flight to Mordor. But, other than that... um, yeah, I bought the ticket, non-refundable. I don't know. I feel like I have plenty of time to figure out the details but... I'm... leaving on June 8th. Yeah. And I'm really sorry about that, I just... Yeah. Do you want me to take these on my way out? Bribery. Nice. Pam. Ms. Beasley if yer nastay! Janet Jackson. Hey! You having a wardrobe malfunction there? Or w--- ... Oh, God is that today? Well, I'll be in my office. They're cool. [on phone] Just compare last year's order to this year's. Uh-huh. Yeah, I'm looking at it right now. [Sasha walks in the door] ... Yes. We--yeah, they're very--they're different. [Sasha walks out] Yeah, we can stick with last year's, you're just going to have to supplement it, somehow. No thanks. Uhh, I don't know. ...I guess not... you know, I have a load of work to do so I am going to grab a slice of this delish pizza... and I'm going to go do my work. Bye. [wrestling with Jake] Pam! Pam! I love this guy! [laughs] Come on! Who? Terry? Is it okay if I take one? Thank you. Is your job hard? Yeah! Yeah. That's so cool, yeah! That's so awesome! Why does he own a guitar if he doesn't know how to play? [singing] ...did slowly go by... and feed... them on your dreams... Alright, let me explain. Again. [draws on board] Phil has recruited me and another guy. Now, we are getting three people each. The more people that get involved, the more who are investing, the more money we're all going to make. It's not a pyramid scheme, it is a... it's not even a scheme per se, it's... [Jim draws a triangle around Michael's diagram] ... I have to go make a call. Oh ho ho! What? When should we bring out the cake, one or one thirty? Not my problem. Here is a list of things that Michael would like to be surprised by. [hands list to Pam] [answering phone] Yeah? [laughing] Okay. I'm so nervous. You're making it worse. I bet Luke Perry's friends don't treat him like this [points to James Dean poster]. Sometime today. Ohh... poor Kevin. Creed! Come on. Stanley! So. We got Kev some stuff. Um... a party pack of M&M's, his favorite candy. A DVD of American Pie 2, which is his favorite movie, and, he lent it to Creed, so, I can guarantee you he won't get that back. Which we realize sounds crass, but, it... is his favorite number. [puts fabric softener into cart] ...What? Yeah, you don't? ... Aww, that... sucks, great. ... Wow, that's good timing. That's... that's, sorry, that's terrible. Terrible news. That's terrible... terrible news for both of us [takes cake into office and slams the door]. Yeah. Okay. Oh. I dare you to make an announcement. Just... quit stalling. Such a dork. Ma'am? Please don't touch that. That is not a toy. How old are you? Think you can let go? YEAH! Yeah, I've been pretty much skating my whole life. I thought about playing in the NHL, but, you're on the road so much. You got no time to spend with your wife and kids. And I really want a wife and kids. Thank you... Dwight. That's great. Thanks. Yeah. Oh! You didn't need to do that. ...Nightswept. This is... really amazing. Thank you. I love it. [mimicking Stanley] I enjoy the tangy zip of Miracle Whip. I do not think that is funny. [in unison] I do not think that is funny. Oh... No, no, no, no talking. Jim is not allowed to talk until after he buys me a coke. Those are the rules of jinx, and they are unflinchingly rigid. [Jim puts money in drink machine, selection is sold out] [mouths] C'mon! So the first time we went out to dinner, it was like, whatever, fine, but I was so nervous. So this time I wanted to be special, so I bought a new dress! [Jim hunches his shoulders and grins] One of those kinds that is kinda low cut at top to show something, but not everything. [Jim shakes his head no in agreement] I mean not everything, Jim. [Jim shakes his head in agreement] I promise, I'm not that kind of... We're having the best conversation. [Jim, eyes wide, shakes his head, no] Okay, eeny, meenie, miney, moe, is random. Okay, you know what? I'm going to need a volunteer to select one of these words and tell us of something tragic that happened in either their lives, or the lives of a loved one. Yeah, Pam. Really? [Jim shakes his head no] Jim it's okay. You can t... [Jim looks at Pam and shakes his head, Pam looks at him and gestures for Jim to go up and tell his story] This would be a good place to let it out, Jim. These are people you can trust. These are people who care about you. [Jim shakes his head no] It's okay, just we will not judge you. We are here to not judge you. [Jim stands up] Oh, he's doing it, okay. [Jim looks at Pam] It's okay. [Jim pretends to try, looking teary eyed, shakes his head no, mouths "I can't" and sits back down. Pam is amazed.] Oh. Okay, are you sure? [Jim shakes his head. Kevin pats his shoulder] That looked like it was going to be good. Alright. [Pam nods in admiration at Jim] Okay, well. My father's name was Dwight Schrute. My grandfather's name was Dwight Schrute. His father's name Dwide Schrude. Amish. I loved my father very much. Every morning he'd wake up at dawn and make us biscuits with gravy. When I was little my dad and I played a lot of games together. My dad cheated a lot but I never busted him on it. I would have, except I didn't know about it. He didn't tell me till years later. I was shocked when I found out. I took an oath when I was sworn in and I broke that oath today. Hi. How much time do you have left on your break? So, uh... you found a band for your wedding yet? Oh I got the 'Save The Date'. Yeah, pretty stationery. I didn't get mine yet. Uh... Okay, okay. Stop, stop, stop! Let's see if we can just brainstorm and find some creative alternatives that are win/win. How 'bout, she takes it down? Okay, that is called a compromise. And it is style 3. And it is not ideal. To sum up, win/win - make the poster into a t-shirt, win/lose - take the poster down, compromise - Tuesdays and Thursdays. And the answer is... make the poster into a t-shirt! Win/win. [claps his hands twice] It is done! Great. [gets up and leaves] [looking through papers in the complaint box] This is from Kevin. He says Stanley uses his Miracle Whip without asking. Meredith complains that everyone talks too loud in the morning and the lights are too bright. Creed... huh. Duh, duh. Creed is sick of looking at the redhead all day and wants a seat facing the receptionist. Whoa.. wha... wait. If someone has a problem with me, why would they withdraw it six months ago? All right, Pamela. Come on down! Let's do it! And [looks through the file]... okay. Just one complaint. Actually, it has been withdrawn. So that is no help to us. Next. Uh... [reading]"Does she have to plan her wedding on office time? Couldn't she do that at home?" [Pam looks Angela an angry look] Who else? Why don't we just warm up first? Warm up emotionally, all right? Stanley. [off camera] I didn't do it! [Michael and Stanley continue to talk off camera, but it's inaudible] [sits down for his ID picture] Just take it. [flashes goes off, while he is standing back up again] Well, it was redacted. Look, if she wants an invite, maybe she's just trying to be friends. [sighs] Well, what does Roy think about everything? You mean your thoughts and feelings? What? No, Pam. Pam, it wasn't her. And I took it right back. It was like... I would never, ever serve you. Not in a million, billion years. So, what's the deal? We gotta pay for our own drinks? That's lame. Comedy is very much alive, as are homeless people. That's a dog. What are you doing? "Till Death Do Us Rock." Oh. Wait, wait, where you going? I mean, even if you don't hire a band, you still have to watch the bands. Pam, these are people who have never given up on their dreams. I have great respect for that. And, yes, they're all probably very bad and that will make me feel better about not having dreams. Let's do it. [Jim ejects a videotape from the VCR and puts in a new one] Wow. I don't know how you're gonna decide. They are all extremely good. Yes. Your mom would love that. She would. Oh, this band is called Scrantonicity. Let's take a look. Nice. What? Wow. Oh! Yeah, you haven't seen that since 1983. That is amazing. Okay, we have to sign him. I'm gonna call the label, we're gonna... No, Pam, you're gonna lose him to another wedding. Kev! Who? Do I know a Carol Stills? Oh, yeah, put her through. Hey Carol, how goes the real estate biz? Is itrealgood? It's still me. Sometimes I don't put Michael through until he's already said something. I look at it as a practice run for him. He usually does better on the second attempt. Oh, I'm sorry. Could you hold on? Yes? Okay, put her through. [Deep voice] Jan Levinson, I presume? Two queens on Casino Night. I am going to drop a deuce on everybody. Yeah, right. What was this? [Makes face] Really? Yeah, I think she's full of it. Sorry, babe. I am just b*at. Okay. Hey, don't try to lose too much money, all right? See you. Hey, how's it going? Yeah. Hey, can I talk to you about something? No, I... I was just... I'm in love with you. I'm really sorry if that's weird for you to hear, but I needed you to hear it. Probably not good timing, I know that. I just... I just needed you to know. Once. Yeah. Don't do that. Come on. I don't wanna do that. I wanna bemorethan that. Love triangle. Drama. All worked out in the end, though. The hero got the girl. Who saw that coming? I did. And Jan was really happy for me. So actually the hero got two girls. He got the girl that he works with and he got the girl that he buys real estate from. So, I've got my New York girl and my local flavor. Life is good. [after "the kiss"] You have no idea how long I've wanted to do that. No I'm not drunk. Are you drunk? Chicken or fish? So you havin' a good day? Good, glad. OK. Trick question! Cause you can't always tell, so... how would I know. Is that the right answer? Pam? Did you see Oprah yesterday? I, uh... I am going to be a father. Angelina Jolie was on. And she adopted a baby from Asia, and she said that it changed her life. And that really inspired me. So, I want you to look into seeing how much a little Chinese baby would cost. I know. Well... Just do it, okay? Um... find out if there's a cheaper, less expensive baby out there, okay? Eight months? I don't even know if I'll want a baby in eight months. You know what, Pam? If in ten years, I haven't had a baby, and you haven't had a baby... Twenty years. Thirty. Oh my God! Are you so excited for tonight? I am so excited. You guys are going to click, I can feel it. So what are you wearing? You look so pretty. Thank you. Yeah, do it! unbutton that top button. Let those things breathe. Any message you want me to relate to Jim? Alan's cartoon is so funny, right? Hey, Pam. It's, uh... I was... might ask if you wanted... Um, if, uh... um... I just completely forgot what I was going to say. It's so weird. You love ketchup! He loves ketchup. Well, I just, uh... I kinda think about stuff that I see, or dream them. See, this one is great, because it can work on a couple of different levels. [French accent] Freedom fries for the table. Yeah. I mean, people always say, like, "Don't be edgy." But I don't know any other way. Yeah, you get it. Yeah. Next time bring some of your illustrations, I'll let you pick my brain. Yeah. Okay. Alright, everybody here? Yes. Yes pleeeeease! Thank yooouuu! [with five popcorn bags left] Anyone else? Nooo. At the Stamford branch, they all play this World w*r II video game called Call of Duty, and they're all really into it. I'm told it started as a team building exercise. Unfortunately I really suck at it. We didn't play many video games in Scranton. Instead we'd do stuff like, uh, Pam and I would sometimes hum the same high pitched note, and try to get Dwight to make an appointment with an ear doctor. And uh, Pam called it... Pretendenitus. [on the phone] Hey Kelly, my stuff just got here. [Kelly screams with excitement into the phone and Pam has to take it away from her ear] Kelly really likes to online shop. Soooo, I felt like I wanted some new clothes. I mean, I just, I wanted to, it just, I felt like it was time, to maybe um... just get new clothes. [gasps] I love it! You haven't even tried it on yet, try it on. Fashion show! Fashion show! Fashion show at lunch! It's really something. What? [walking into the break room] Hey. You look nice. I... won't. I won't. Wow. Psychopath. [Karen grins widely at Jim] I'm just looking. In a minute. There you go, fresh from the warehouse. There's coffee in the kitchen, Pam. I am like Bette Midler in For the Boys. Gotta keep the troops entertained. So did you hear the news? Yeah. Oh, gosh, what can anybody do, really? It's... pssssh... . He was almost 70. Circle of life. [holds out arms to Pam] Yeah. Mmmmmm. [as they leave] There's nothing wrong with your car. I just thought you might like a break from the "grief counseling" session. How are you likin' the new car? Yeah? Sure is small. Got airbags? [as Pam returns to conference room] Okay, we can start. Um... Okay... I'm going to toss the ball to Pam. I need a box. I need a box. A small box... not too confining. Yeah. Oh, thank you. Yes, please. Excellent. Always. [runs off] Dwight, do you have the box? When I was five my mom told me that my fish went to the hospital in the toilet and it never came back so we had a funeral for it. And I remember thinking "I'm a little too old for this." And I wasfive. Yes. Oh, I remember that. That was SO funny. Shhh. [begins playing recorder] Hi, Pam. I'm great. So, Pam I would like you to keep a log of everything Michael does hour by hour so we can analyze it at corporate. Ok? Thanks Pam. Attention Scranton Business Park, there will be complimentary pretzels in the lobby from now until 4 o'clock as a thank you to our loyal tenants. I don't care 'bout anything but you... what ever happened to those guys? No cuts. Oh, Pam. Just the woman I'd like to see. You read my mind. I thought that maybe you could wait in line for me while I go to the bathroom. You're an angel. Because I like them a certain way, and if it gets screwed up, then whole thing is blown. And I will be taking questions. You drive. Night, Pam. Hey, what time is it? AM or PM? Oh, good. Oh. Koselli. With the Jello. Yes. Right. Good. Goodnight! Ah, hey. Hi. Sorry, I forgot Kevin's extension. It's a fantasy football thing. And I was just going to go through the system cause I didn't think you'd be there. Why, why are you still there? Wow. Do you think you could send me a copy of that? So... Oh, I'm sorry. Go ahead. Oh, good. What time is it here? Um, we're in the same time zone. How far away did you think we were? Yeah. I have a question for you. How many words per minute does the average person type? Shut up. Mavis Beacon doesn't even type 90. Ok, I said average. Forget it. I was just about to brag but forget it. No. 65. Ok, no need to laugh. Respectable? Right. Ok. Yeah. I know! No way. How do you confuse 28 Days with 28 Days Later? No, you're making this up! Yes. Fancy New Beesley would make that up. New apartment, new stories. And how many kitchens? Wow, you got totally taken for a ride Beesley. Most apartments these days have like three. Yes! How are you going to cook every meal of the day in one kitchen? Pam? Oh, yeah, I should, I should, I should probably go too. Oh, no no. Yeah, uh, well. Ok. Yeah. Bye Pam. You look so handsome. Ok, so, between Meredith's Mini-van and if I borrow Bob's Yukon that should fit about twelve people. Do you want to make Appletini's and watch 'Sex and the City' at my place? I don't get why you won't go. Did I do something wrong? I mean, I thought we were really close friends. Maybe you've got mono. No, you don't... Very official. Is there anything you wanted to ask us tonight? Is it? He's really outgoing, huh? Yeah. Hey, would you excuse me for a second? Dry. You look like you were having fun. I have to watch our shoes so they don't get stolen. Who were you texting? Oh, God! [chokes on food] Oh. Wow. That's so spicy. Oh. You waiting for a call? Wow. Pam. When Carol said 'No.' tonight, I think I finally realized how you must be feeling. We are both the victims of broken engagements. I was in that marriage arena, though. Yeah. Uuuuh... well. We're so alike. So alike. [leans in to kiss her] What are you doing? [scoffing noises] Can I have a ride home? These are not my shoes. This is just like that show 'Taxi Cab Confessions'. Mmmm.. suck-ah! Yeah, great! Amazing. Best physical condition of my life. Nothing. Just checking in. I can't tell you, so... Nothing, Pam.[whispers to himself] What difference does it make? We'll be gone in a couple of weeks anyway. What? Do I have any messages? I couldn't be happier. I'm gonna take the severance and retire. My wife and I are gonna travel. [chuckles] I really couldn't be happier. Yes! [in Scranton] Where's Michael? Stanley! [hugs Stanley] Well, reasons are not important. Would you just call him, please? Wherever he is... and tell him. Back? No, not until I have some good news for them. Not until I have some good news. Is Jim coming back. I just don't want it to be weird, you know? I mean, I took his old job and his old desk. Hey Pam, we're going to Poor Richards. Creed's buying sh*ts. All right. Hey, I hear Jim's coming back. [to Pam] I'll tell you later. Crazy day, huh? Yeah, man! I'm uh... I'm really glad you're still gonna be working here. Yeah, me too. What? Hey. Ah, pretty good. I finished. Psh, why is that great? Yeah, well my feet don't. And I can still crush that time. Let's just put it this way. Last weekend I outran a black pepper snake. Man, what is taking Toby so long? And you'll compare the times? No, my groin... ...is really tight. I can't... [starts running] Aaaaah! The Japanese camp guards of World w*r II always chose one man to k*ll whenever a batch of new prisoners arrived. I always wondered how they chose the man who was to die. I think I would have been good at choosing the person. Got the food? Good! Looky-looky-looky. What I want you to do... set it up in the conference room, please. Make it look nice. As if you are trying to impress a much older man who's way out of your league. Okay. No. Hi. Karen. I love your sweater. Hi, I'm Jim. I'm new here. Yeah, I was just doing a little joke there about how we'd never met... Awesome! Good to be back. The place looks really good. Oh, this looks promising. You're welcome. Hey! Oh yeah. I'm trying to move away from that. Getting into more of a bottled water phase. Well, I'm evolving, Pam. Oh! Um... tonight, actually? No. I'm uh just still getting settled. All right. [to Pam] I should probably get back to work. Get back to work. All right! Hey. I thought you had already... left. Oh... Good. Oh, nothing. I just feel bad. I feel like things were a little weird today... or something. I just think I should tell you that... I've sort of started seeing someone. And uh... O..ok. Um..good. Right. He. That's his favorite color. Uh, reformed convict, and, uh, I'm not sure. Though hang on, let me email our HR, stay on the line. In our society, a black man can be arrested for almost anything. He was probably at a sporting event and... saw some people pushing each other, and he intervened. Cool. Ah. Good good. Good. Just a second. Everybody? May I have your attention please? I realize that a lot of you have already heard that Martin here has had some trouble with the law, but I just want to declare publicly that I... trust... him, completely, and that anybody who doesn't is an ignorant, dumb... person. Okay? As a matter of fact, you show me a white man you trust and I will show you a black man that I trust even more. Pam. Tell me a white person you trust. I had Martin explain to me three times what he got arrested for, because... it sounds an awful lot like what I do here every day. Michael, why don't we get outdoors time? Not good. Uh... a little bit bigger than Michael's office... but, you know, I really only slept there. You know, during the day, there-our time's our own. They had uh, classes, I took some... watercolor classes. They did, taught by some uh, Harvard business school guys--a lot of the guys also, that were in the class, the inmates, a lot of them have gone on to do extraordinary things in business. Pam-a-lama-ding-dong. Listen, you're cute. There is no gettin' around it. So... I don't know if you like country music, but I was thinking maybe one of these days we could drive out to a field, crank up some tunes, smoke a few Macanudos... maybe even toss a disk around. Utway ooday ooyay inkthay, Ampay? Shh. Think about it. I'll h*t you back. Okay! Listen up everybody! Um, you guys said that prison was better than this place, and I heard ya, loud and clear, so, I am instituting some changes to make this more like prison. We are going to start with an hour of outdoor time. So let's go! Well, you're... in... prison, but, mmhmm. No, not Harry Potter. ... There are no movies in prison. This is my point! You guys got it soft, and cushy! This place is freaking awesome! The people are awesome! Your boss is nice! Everyone seems to get along! People are tolerant! People who... have jumped to conclusions can redeem themselves! Nobody is nobody's b*tch. I hope that this scared you. And from me, Prison Mike, to you, I just wanna thank you for listening to me. Letting me be a part of your life today. 'Cause you got a good life! YOu got a good life. A good life. [turns around, takes bandanna off] So. What do you think? It doesn't sound so great, does it? Merry Christmas! [holds up dead goose and puts it on Pam's desk] Don't worry, she's dead. Oh wait. He's dead. I accidentally ran over it. It's a Christmas miracle! Clean it in your car. [Riding a bicycle down the hallway and singing] Deck the halls with boughs of holly. Fa la la la la la la la la. [Struggling to stay on] 'Tis the ... ack. [expletive] Hey! [to Pam] I would like a nice slice of Christmas Pam. Side of candied Pams. And perhaps, some Pam-chops, with mint... I'm looking for the toy drive box. Oh, thanks. [Michael and Andy do a fist bump and expl*si*n.] Yes? [Pam holds up a bag] Oh Pam, that is so sweet. You didn't have to do that. OK. Did everybody get one of these? I know. [Closes door.] What? Are you serious? [Opens folder and reads from Dwight's file] Last year, my boss, Michael Scott, took a day off because he said he had pneumonia, but really, he was leaving early to go to magic camp. Wow. [closes folder] You know what? Uh, I really don't think I should be doing this stuff anymore, you know? No, because of the promotion. It just feels a little bit, like... Jim, take New Year's away from Stanley. Oh, oh, oh, oh, it hurts. It hurts my heart. It hurts my stomach. It hurts my arms. [moves a little] Thanks. How did you push away the bad thoughts? Like maybe, the real reason they left was because there were things they wanted you to do in bed, that were, foreign, and scary? And not that you didn't want to try them. Some wine may have helped. Do you know what I'm referring to? Hey, would you like to go to Sandals, Jamaica with me? This is an old adage, but they say when you find true love, you know within the first 24 hours. With Carol, I knew within the first 24 minutes of the second day I met her. I feel like I've been kinda cold to Karen and there's no real reason for it. I mean it's not like she's ever done anything to me. So, I think I probably shouldn't be cold to her. Yeah, right? I'm so glad you said that. Because, I don't know how those meetings usually go. Does anyone ever stand up to Angela or..? Right. Oh cool, yeah. Oh, thank you. [Pam puts up another flyer] What is that? [Reads flyer] The "Committee to Plan Parties invites you to a margarita-karaoke Christmas?" There's no such thing as the "Committee to Plan Parties." Two hundred dollars. Umm, two hundred and one dollars. And then there's a way more fun party that starts at two forty-five. Pam and Karen. I am ordering you to cease and desist all party planning. Immediately. You should, you should put out salt for the rims [referring to margaritas] I was just getting a snack. So I only use three? OK. And where to do you get all those cool bows? OK. Are you sure I can't use like, the cartoons from the newspaper? [Karen walks in] Hey. All right, I'll see you guys later. [leaves room] He's cute. You should date him. You're right. That's good. [Angela slams phone shut and runs back to office.] Also, I would like to inform you that, um, as a special treat, my party will be starting early. In fact, it will be starting right now [opens door to conference room.] [Stanley gets up and walks towards the break room.] All right Stanley. Woo. No, it's an invitation. Are we taking this too far? You know what, I don't think we're taking this far enough. [Pam and Karen look at each other] What? Looks like they forgot the power cord. Walkie-talkies. Well the Committee to Plan Parties has served its purpose. We're gonna disband. In the name of Christmas. I'm not sure. Does your karaoke machine have Christmas songs? Oh, I may have seen it somewhere. [Goes to plant and picks up power cord] Is it this one? Yeah, thanks. Bye Pam. [to Pam] Oh, you know what? Sorry, forgot to tell you. I intercepted a transmission earlier and it seems that the CIA is gonna need Dwight down at their headquarters in Langley for training and an ice cream social with the other agents. Oh no, that would be great. Hmm... Well, maybe the CIA can send a helicopter? Hey, mon! Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Relax. Just relax, OK? I'll get to all of it later. Aren't you going to ask me how Jamaica was? Say it. Ask me. Feelin' hot, hot, hot! [playing conch shell] Feelin' hot, hot, hot! Feelin' hot, hot, hot! Feelin' hot, hot, hot! That's all I know so far, but I'm gonna keep practicing. You know, I had never been out of the country before now? Got to see how Jamaicans live. It is great, you know. They just relax, they party all the time. Yeah... Gosh. Great. You know what, Pam? Make a note. I want us all to start having pina coladas every day at three. Inventory's at the end of December. Come on in. Settle in. Settling. Settling... and settled. Good, there is something I would like to show everybody. See this sign? [points to a TV monitor of a picture from Jamaica and reads] "No Shirt, No Shoes, No Problem." This is an attitude I would like all of you to have right here. So what, if we have to stay late to do inventory? No problem. What? Where? Boring. Call me if she rolls over. Hey. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Um, I'm just in this, like, stupid fight with Karen. So, I dunno, I just feel likes we've been dating a month, right? Same street. I think that might be a little close. A little much. Hmm, what? Yeah, I guess. Honestly, I think you should go easy on her. Hey, thanks a lot. Did you try the petting zoo? Oh, God, no. No, no! Hang up! Hang up! Tell her I'm not here. Tell... tell her, I ran out for cash. I h*t a deer. I h*t a deer with my car. Tell her I h*t a cat. Tell her I h*t a cat. Feelin'... feelin' hot, hot, hot! [plays conch shell] Hey. Island living. You know? Did she say what it's about? I think I owe you one. For talking sense into Halpert. The Day's Inn room 228 was starting to get really depressing. Yeah, but... thanks. Seriously. Who did this to you? [refers to Pam crying] Where is he? [takes off coat to tie around waist] It's hot in here. Yeah. Hey, remember when we were planning our honeymoon and you wanted to go to Hawaii and I wanted to go to Mexico? Pam, meet Harvey. This is Michael's new friend. Oh, that is gross. Oh well, 'Yoy' should bring in 'Long Tim' in one day. Shouldn't he? Yeah. Right? Ok. Hey Pam. Would you like to go with me to grab a coffee? Yeah, I could use some fresh air. Might be fun. Uh, yeah, but it will be easier to stop. I can always block the blow. I can counter it with... [Jim slaps Dwight] This friend of mine - let's call her Noelle - she missed this deadline turning something in to Corporate in New York. But then this gallant gentleman - we'll call him Kurt - he drove all the way to New York and handed it in for her. That's... I don't know. I guess he really just likes her a lot. Ow.[ Newpeat Quote ] We can custom make them.[ Newpeat Quote ] Yeah I did a watercolor of Frances Willard Elementary School for a contest they were having. They were calling with the results. And I won. I won! My painting won. So I like to thank my mom for always encouraging me. And I like to thank my dad for buying me my first set of art pencils. And I'd like to thank the sixth grade class that picked me.[ Newpeat Quote ] How much did you win? I won $400 bucks on the Celtics game last night. Thanks.[ Newpeat Quote ] That's great Pam. I like having these little moments with you. You know what? Sprinkles recently had kittens. I would like to offer you the dominant male. His name is Ash. Mmm-hmm. Beesley, coffee? All right. Yeah. No way! All right Pam. Congratulations. [high five] Which one was it? Cool. Yeah. Can I see it when I get back? Congratulations. Wow. [walks over to the plant] What is wrong with this thing? It looks terrible. Yeah. And you know what? Ask them about the toys on my desk too. They always used to arrange them in a very pleasing way. It used to brighten my morning. Would you like to pull a prank on Andy? [hands Pam Andy's phone] Are there any messages? So weird. Cause someone is calling right now. There is a call. Oh. [hands Pam tape] Fine. I'll just sit at my desk and be quiet. Sorry I annoyed you with my friendship. [Andy's phone rings] Excuse me. And I'm also sorry that a lot of people here for some reason think it's funny to steal someone's personal property and hide it from them. Here's a little newsflash! It's not funny! In fact, it's pretty freakin' unfunny! Oh, my GOD. [punches a hole in the wall] That... was an overreaction. Gonna h*t the break room. Does anybody want anything? Pam, you good? [inspecting the hole in the wall] Oh my God, that's half-inch drywall. Pam. I will shake mine and then you will shake yours. Number eight, learn how to take off a woman's bra. We will demonstrate on Pam. Karen and I had a long talk last night and the night before that and uh, every night, for the last five nights. SHUT UP ANGELA! Hey. Ugh. Oh yeah. Why? Oh. Yeah well, I guess there's been a couple late nights. Karen and I have been up talking. Yeah, I know I should. No, I'm sure you're right. Really? Good advice Beesley. Thanks. See you out there. Sparkling cider is very good. I have a lovely wife, Deborah. But I got all the foot off of it. Well, that is because I am a renaissance man. So I guess you have the Ben Franklin wig and the costume and you figure, how can I put this to practical use? Hey um, I wanted to talk to you. I know this is weird or whatever, but Jim told me about you guys. Well that you kissed. And we talked it through and it's totally fine, it's not a big deal. It's just a kiss. Wait- you're not still interested in him? Really? Okay. So um, well good. What are you sorry about? What are you sorry about? You know I invented electricity. Well I'm sensing a little electricity right here. Yes, but I don't. My name is Gordon. Really? Looks like I hired the right guy. I'm glad. Any real potential there Beesley? Oh my God, I would get so fat if I worked here. You could strip you know. Yes, I put Michael in my wedding. It was the only way I could think to get six weeks off for my honeymoon. No one else has ever gotten six weeks before. Ah, of course. This strappy young lad sitting here is Phyllis' father, Albert, and he is quite the ladies' man, aren't you Albert, hah? Ah, ringbearer. I could have done better. I will do better. I am going to be better. I can't believe I'm actually doing this! Ooh! Are you ready for this, Albert? I am. Let's do it. Are you all right? This must be so awful for you. Well... this was supposed to be your wedding. There's no way it's fine. I'm sorry. If I was you, I would just like freak out and get really drunk and then tell someone I was pregnant. Hey. I know I normally don't notice these kind of things but uh... This wedding's really nice! I mean, the flowers and stuff? Phyllis has got some great taste. I know you're probably not going to remember this, right? But um... Those color roses? I got you those color roses for our prom. I uh guess I wasn't really too involved in the planning. Sorry about that. Hey. When are we going to get to see some of those famous Beesly dance moves? Come on. Get out there. Give the people what they want. Hey, they're playing our song. I can't for your art show tonight. I-I wouldn't miss it for the world. Thanks. Love ya. I can't believe you're back together with Roy! Oh my God. You're so in love now. Oh, art show! ...Oh my God. Animal stool. [jumps on desk] Oh, this looks great. I'd, I'd love to be there, but my daughter's play is tonight. ... Damnit! You know, one of the other parents will probably videotape it. Jim is on a path now. An eternal journey, and I wish him well. But I have a destiny in this realm. Specifically, in the kitchen. Oh. Oh. Maybe one day. Mmm. Good. Alright I brought my brother, huh? It's cool if I go, right? I mean, I looked at all of them. To my place? Your art.. was the prettiest art of... all art. Pam-casso! Sorry I'm late, I had to race across town. Wow! You did these... freehand? My God, these could be tracings! Ohh! Look at this one. Wow! You nailed it. [sighs] ... How much? I don't see a... price. Well, yeah. Yeah, we have to have it for the office. I mean, there's my... window, and there's my car! That your car? That is our building... and we sell paper. ... I am really proud of you. What? ...Chunky. Do you want half? I will get out. Oh yes, I will. Pam, would you smell my breath? Alright. Bye. I can't. My brother, he just unloaded the jet ski's and kinda took a bath, so... we're going to go get hammered. Ok. Ok. Hey Pam. It's been sitting in my car all day. Sun b*ating down on the mayonnaise. Just, you never know. Hey. What's up, Pam. Ok. YES! I can read you like a book. Here. [hands Pam a duck stuffed animal] I was... What? That's awesome. That's what I want. I didn't do anything. Ask anyone, I totally could have and I didn't at all. What? Jim came on to you? No, I am listening! That's the problem I am listening! Don't yell?! Hey... [Roy lunges towards Jim] [shrieks] Yeesh... Alright, you know what? Pam, could you please tell Darryl that this is not a woman's suit? It's European, OK? It's a European cut. No, they don't. See? [Michael lifts his jacket tail, sticks out his back side and shows Pam] Italians don't wear pockets. [mumbling softly] You make a very compelling argument. Yeah, that was nuts. No, I mean, you guys really seem to have a strong connection. We'll see. I'm sure you guys will... find you way back to one another someday. [to Jim] Hey man, uh... I'm sorry. [Jim motions "Don't worry about it"] [Roy receives his check from Angela] Thanks. [to Pam] Can I, like, see you after work for coffee, or... something? I'm so sorry, Pammy. I really wasn't gonna do anything. But then I... kept thinkin' about you two together, and... I just thought you guys were really good friends, or... or maybe he was gay or somethin'... Not that that's wrong. So you gonna start datin' Halpert then? Oh yeah... Wait a minute, you... broke off our wedding for the guy. But you're not even gonna try to go out with him? [Pam meekly shakes her head] I don't get you Pam. Good morning, Pam. Drew. I'm Drew now. It's a strategy! Oh, geeze. I don't know how the whole betting thing started, but it's fun. Damn it. Pam, depression is as scary as a baler, right? Working in an office can lead to depression. Which can lead to su1c1de. I mean this is really serious stuff. I--- I--- Nobody commits su1c1de because they work with a baler, and yet those guys are makin' fun of me, calling me a Nerf, that... Yeah... you are... ah, so right. They had visual A*DS. And all we had were the facts. You don't go to the science museum and get handed a pamphlet on electricity. You go to the science museum and you put your hand on a metal ball, your hair sticks up straight... and you know science. [Creed takes a bite of an apple] Creed is eating an apple. I found a potato. Hey! Hello. [Jim replaces Creed's apple with a potato][Creed takes a bite of the potato] Attention blue collar workers! Damn it. Oh. He's going to k*ll himself, pretending to k*ll himself. Hey uh, Michael. Don't jump on the bouncy castle. You can't do that, because you're going to get horribly, horribly injured. What is it? Dwight... Oh, that's funny. MICHAEL! Actually I think you could make the argument that it wastes time. Yes! You are entering the "No Spin Zone!" Now I'm told she told her manager she had the flu. I'm a trusting guy, but uh, I just wish Debbie Brown had been there. We would have caught this. We gotta do something. [exhales] This is spinning out of control, Pam. This is just, not... No, then Newsweek picks it up. And then CNN does a story about it. Then... YouTube gets a hold of it... You're right. It will blow over. But it's not... going to take... a week or two. [pulls out a video camcorder from his desk] Do you know what this is for? Yes. So I'll know where--- I'm asking Pam to do it, please. Five, four, three. "There is no way, I will resign. It wouldn't be fair. Not to the good workers I work with, not to my clients, and especially not to me. Let's not forget who this whole resigning business is about, anyway. If I could leave you with one thought, remember... it wasn't me. They're trying to make me an escape goat. If I am fired, I swear to God, that every single piece of copier paper in this town is going to have the F-word on it. The F-word. You have one day." That's... they always give an ultimatum. Good, cut? [walks in dressed as Jim] Pam. Oh, you don't want to know. I think I just got flashed. In the parking lot. [on the phone] Thank you. [hangs up the phone] The police are on it. They say they've already had three calls. If that's flashing, then lock me up. What's happening? Really? Is she OK? Mm... not really, no. No, because this is being given priority one. This is a petition for the business park to upgrade their security cameras as well as install two floodlights in the parking lot. And I know... I know what you're thinking. [Pam nods] Won't that just shed more light on the penises? But that is a risk we have to take. Pam. You can draw, kind of. Why don't you work with Phallus on drawing a picture of the exposer that I can post around the community? Phyllis, sorry. I've got penises on the brain. Back to work, everybody. I didn't really get a good look. Desperate times call for desperate measures. Have you finished with the sketch? Hmm, doesn't seem like the type. [Pam's sketch looks like Dwight with a mustache, but without his glasses] I plan on plastering this pervert's face everywhere. You can run, but you cannot hide. Thanks. I know how to drive. [dumps the crumbs from a bag of chips she was eating into her mouth and throws it out the window] You're welcome. You're welcome, you're welcome. OK. So, let's dish. Anything you guys want. This is your time. [everyone is silent or continues to eat, Michael exhales] Mm. What is a Pap smear? Or is it "shmear?" Like the cream cheese. Sometimes, the clothes at GapKids are just too flashy. So I'm forced to go to the American Girl store and order clothes for large colonial dolls. Jan says anything that doesn't scare us is not worth doing. I don't know. Maybe we're different people. I like cuddling and spooning and she likes videotaping us during sex. No, it's not that bad. The worst part is that she shows it to her therapist and they discuss it. No, she's... she's fooling around. It's a woman thing. No... No, it's all right. I'm OK. I'm OK. [sniffing] You guys... what are we gonna do about Jan? [sighs] not anything to write home about. Insecure about body. I'm unhappy when I'm with her. Flat-chested. I'm unhappy when I'm with her. Yeah, that's smart. Wow, I cannot believe this yogurt has no calories. Jim's gonna love it. [Karen giggles] Answer it. Uh, yeah. Yep. Um... Could somebody grab me the lever, and I will... Yeah, get your hazards on for safety. Let's see. [takes off his coat and tosses it aside] There we go! [Pam brings over the jack and lug wrench] Good. Yes, we have the... all right. [tries the use the jack to loosen the lug nuts] Do you have a... a crescent? A crescent Allan? Uh... you know what? I'm going to... you take care of that. I'm gonna do traffic... detail. OK, I am really going to do this. I love you guys. Now I'm getting her voicemail. Not it. I don't have eggs. That's possible. Uh-huh? Hey, want my sun screen? Uh-huh. What happens to a company if somebody takes their boss away? I will answer your question with a question. It's like what happens to a chicken when you take its head away. It dies. Unless you find a new head. I need to see which one of these people have the skills to be a chicken head. I want you to write down everything that people are doing all day. And then type it up, in a way that is helpful. Alright? Well, [whispering] Hey Pam, did you get that down? Like everything I said and everything they did and... Just don't... [lifts up blindfold] Oh my God! You ass! [chases Jim and throws egg at him] [both laugh] Okay Pam, I have another little project for you. Smart as a whip! Yes! [holds up hot dog packages] These are pre-cooked, so it's not absolutely necessary, but I would appreciate it if you could heat up 800 hot dogs for a little contest I'm going to be having. I would greatly appreciate it. Like umm...[looks at watch] ten minutes? I knew that finding a successor would be difficult. I did not know that it would be impossible. Thus far the candidates have been wildly disappointing. Uh, Jim is not taking it seriously. Uh, Stanley is having a stroke. And Andy, where is he? Where the hell is Andy? Where is he, Pam? Do you know? Ah... who's ahead in points? Check to see if there is a conversion chart in that notebook. Angela, it is a million degrees. No. No, not you, Pam. You have to keep score. Pointless. Alright. Okay. Alright. Fine. 'kay. [clears throat, breathes noisily] The mind has to wrap around the foot. [exhales] Okay. [yelling excitedly for Dwight to get off the coals] The Aristocrats. A man and his wife and his children go into the offices of a talent agency. And the talent agent says, "Describe your act." And the man says something really, really raunchy and the talent representative says, "What do you call yourselves?" And the man says, "The Aristocrats!" That is a very, very funny story. Karen suggested that I get a haircut for the interview tomorrow so that I could look presentable and not, as she so lovingly puts it, homeless. Thanks, Pam. Ohhhhh... Hey. It's okay, we all say things without thinking. Hey, Pam I've been meaning to say something to you. I really miss our friendship. [group laughs] Are you kidding? I would have never done that. It was pathetic-ville. No offense, Pam. Who is D. Abramson? Pam, Defcon ten. Houston, we have a problem. Uh, I may need some immediate assistance. If you would slowly and quietly gather the ladies in the conference room. Phyllis, Angela, Karen. Weird. Yeah, I didn't get both of your messages. Hey, uh, before I leave tonight, would you mind making a half a dozen copies of Jim's and my sales reports for our interviews tomorrow? Thanks. No, no. What do I do? She made me do a lot of things I didn't wanna do. I wasn't. You're right. You're absolutely right. I'm gonna go in there and tell her that we can't be together. Jan is in a different place right now, and it is a sign of maturity to give people second chances. So I am going to hear her out. Yeah, bigger actually. Mm-hm. I know! What did I say!? Thanks. So, I guess we're getting back together. You showed great leadership potential at the coal walk. Even if you did follow it with that embarrassing personal confession. I had to make Andy my number two. It's political, complicated, you wouldn't understand. I want you... to be Assistant Regional Manager. Well, in a sense. Although, publicly I am going to retain the Assistant Regional Manager position. Correct, I need someone I can trust. But I would also like the title... to be secretly applied to you. Just stripped of its pomp and frills. Mmmmmm, let's call it Secret Assistanttothe Regional Manager. Do you accept? Absolutely, I do. Oh, Michael's not going anywhere. Listen up! Come to the center of the room, please. This... [holds up paper that resemles a sheet sized dollar bill with Dwight's face in the middle] is a Schrute Buck. When you have done something good, you will receive one Schrute Buck. One thousand Schrute Bucks... equals an extra five minutes for lunch. Yes! Michael is gone. There's a new sheriff here in these offices, and his name is "me." Conference room! Ten seconds! All of you! [grumbling, getting loud] [in the office, imitating the terminator] I'll be baaaaack! And I am baaaack! So I'm back. And I am never, ever going to leave. I am going nowhere. This place... is like... the hospital where I was born, my house, my old age home, and my... graveyard... for my bones. Pam, hello. I wanted to thank you... for helping me, when you held the title, Secret Assistant to the Regional Manager. You served the office with great dignity. [Pam salutes Dwight, Dwight returns the salute] [flashback to Beach Games] How are your feet? The real reason that I went to Stamford... was because... I wanted to be... not here. And even though... I came back, I just, I feel like I've never really... come back. Well, I wish you would. [phone rings, Pam answers] Dunder Mifflin, this is Pam. Just one moment, I'll transfer you. Pam. [to camera] Sorry. [to Pam] Um, are you free for dinner tonight? All right. Then... it's a date.