Oscar: Yesterday, Angela may or may not have figured out that I'm having an affair with her husband. So I just have to wait and see. When she comes in, if she's cold and awkward and cruel to me, then great, it's business as usual.Oscar: Good morning. [clears throat]Angela: Oscar... [sighs] can I ask you a question?Oscar: [whispering] Of course, ask me a que--  questions.Angela: Is it cool in here to you?Oscar: [hoarsely] Yes, a little bit. [normal voice] Yes.Angela: I think the thermostat is acting up again.Oscar: It's the stupid thermostat! That thing is a catastrophe. So I'm gonna, um, on your suggestion, get someone to fix it. I'll just go downstairs.Angela: Thank you.Oscar: No, thank you, Angela.Oscar: She doesn't know. I shouldn't be surprised. This is a woman who married a man who is obviously a h*m*. Basically, she has her head in the sand. In a way I feel sorry for her. I guess the universe rewards true love.Dwight: Well, well, well, it's finally happened. Pam has ceased caring.Pam: These are my painting clothes.I think I'm gonna do it. I am really gonna start painting the warehouse mural today. [Jim applauds]Meredith: Sure you don't want to put another coat of primer on that Pam?Queen of the primer, that one.Jim: You got this, Beesley. Actually, do you want me to come down and help you get started?Pam: Are you avoiding your phone call?Jim: What? Yeah, right. As if.Jim: Today I will be asking David Wallace if I can start working part-time, because the sports marketing company that I started really needs me to be there.Pam: Last week Jim wasn't there, and they named the company Athlead.Jim: I could have prevented that. So I have to talk to Wallace.Pam: Tell them your opening line.Jim: [sighs] Hey David, how would you like a guy who's not here as much, gets paid the same amount of salary, and has bigger fish to fry in Philadelphia?Pam: I think it's good. He likes fishing.Jim: This is gonna be awful.Pete: One of my jobs is to input customer complaints into the computer. And when they're in, I fill out one of these cards. But the information's already on the computer, so....why am I filling out the card? I asked Andy, and he told me to "chillax," and then went away on a big, long boat ride. So here we are. Don't give me a pointless office chore, because I will build a little paper house.  Fight the power.Angela: Meet me in the old place, five minutes. I need you.Angela: [upon seeing Dwight naked] Ugh!Dwight: Come on in, the water's fine.Angela: Dwight, it's not that kind of meeting. Put your clothes back on.Dwight: I know. That's not why I'm naked. I always work out without my clothes. [does jumping jacks]Angela: Just put them on! Put on your clothes. I need your help. I need someone who can operate outside of the law. Ugh.Dwight: Oh, I'm sorry, your vigilante privileges ended when you broke up with me. If I'm not in your panties, I don't go vigilantes. Why don't you ask your husband?Angela: My marriage is in danger. I don't know who I can trust. I need someone to be there for me.Dwight: [sighs] All right, what are we talking? Surveillance, wire-tapping?Angela:  Something like that.Dwight: Yeah, the less I know, the better. I know just the guy. He was a volunteer sheriff too. Kicked off the force.Angela: Can you arrange a meeting?Dwight: I can try. I'm gonna use SMS text.Angela: Okay.Dwight: Text went through.Angela: Okay.Dwight: All we can do is sit and wait.Angela: Okay.Dwight: [phone vibrates] Oh, look at that. Yeah, he's free anytime. Not a problem.Jim: I mean, I can handle any client issues from Philly.David: [on phone] Yeah, but I really need someone in the office. If there's a crisis -- the more I think about it --Jim: Oh, you mean handle it in person. Oh, well, Phyllis and Stanley have agree to cover for me while I'm gone.David: They did?Jim: Yep.David: Oh, okay. Well, that is different. In that case, yes-- Maybe this can work.Jim: Oh, great.Stanley: Why should we help you?Jim: Because we're friends.Stanley: When is my birthday?Jim: Unfair. When's my birthday?Stanley: I don't know, because we're not friends.Jim: How about this-- You let me take you to lunch, and I make my case?Stanley: Now we're talkin'.Jim: All right.Phyllis: Yeah.Kevin: Make it go taller.Pete: That's the idea.Kevin: No, not taller this way, taller this way. [gesturing with hands]Pete: Well, I've gotta build a wider base first before I can go higher.Kevin: You're not getting this, Peter.  Make it go wider... up!Pete: Will do.Darryl: [entering] What are y'all doing?Kevin: Me and Pete are building a tower.Darryl: Cool. It should be taller though, right?Kevin: Obviously. He's a sweet kid, Darryl. But he's not the sharpest guy in the drawer.Pete: Kevin, I can hear you.Kevin: Huh?Angela: Ow! Dwight! Ow!Dwight: Get in the van.Angela: God!Trevor: Is it safe to talk?Dwight: Well, this documentary crew has been following our every move for the past nine years, but I don't see them so I think we're good.Angela: So what are your credentials?Trevor: I started following people around to get exercise. Turns out, I'm damn good at it.Angela: Do you have a g*n?Dwight: [snickers] Does he own a g*n? Show her.Trevor: You tell me.Angela: What is this?Trevor: It's the receipt for my g*n.Angela: You don't carry it with you?Trevor: Read the receipt. That's a $300 g*n. Someone could steal it.Dwight: Do you have any idea how many g*n Trevor's had stolen from him?Trevor: Now I keep it in a safe.Dwight: Mm-hmm. Good safe?Trevor: Oh, you tell me. [shows Dwight receipt]Dwight: Wow!Pam: [studying mural wall] I guess if I make a mistake, I can just paint over it with a shrub or something. It's just, I think less of paintings with a lot of shrubs. So, I'm gonna limit myself to one shrub.Hide: You paint wall now?Pam: Yeah. Painting now. I just want to make sure that...Hide: You paint now.Pam: It's probably gonna be a few minutes. So you can just go back to doing whatever you were doing.Hide: I wait.Meredith: Sweet.Erin: Yay!Darryl: That's what I'm talkin' about.Pete: This next card comes to us thanks to Meredith Palmer, who called Eastern Pennsylvania Seminary a, quote ‘sausage factory.'Meredith: Oh OOOH!Everyone: [approving cheers]Meredith: Boom!Darryl: Bang.Kevin: Yep, yep, yep.Pete: All right. Up next we got a whole lotta Creed.Creed: Let's find out what I did.Pete: All right.Dwight: You get half now and half upon completion of said job.Trevor: And that's all off the books?Angela: Obviously.Trevor: Nice. No taxes.Angela: Okay, so everything you need to know about the target is in here.Trevor: So what's the job?Angela: m*rder.Trevor: Okay, that's the big one. That's the big "M."Dwight: You can't have someone m*rder.Angela: What if they deserved it?Dwight: What did they do to you, Angela?Angela: They're sleeping with my husband.Dwight: Oh, Monkey. Oh, I feel for you.Trevor: This seems a little crazy.Dwight: Yes. Crazy. Thank you.Trevor: But I think I'm up for it.Dwight: No! No!Angela: Thank you.Dwight: Absolutely not. There are a lot of different ways to get revenge. I've had great success by defecating in a paper bag, put it on the porch--Trevor: That's very effective. I've been on the receiving end of that quite a few times. It's devastating.Angela: No, no, no. It has to be physical. I want this person to suffer.Trevor: What about a knee-capping?Dwight: No! You're not helping, Trevor!Angela: Yes, a knee-capping could work.Dwight: No. Angela! What are you saying?Angela: You said you would be there for me.Dwight: I'm trying, but what you're asking is--Angela: It's the only thing that will make this right.Dwight: Okay. But it's cruel, because a woman with damaged knees can't scrub worth a damn.Trevor: All right, then it's settled. One knee-capping. Now, the h*t goes down at 4:00. Keep in mind, once I leave, there's no turning back.Jim: You know, truth be told, I think all you'll really be doing is accepting calls from my clients while I'm gone.Stanley: We've got all afternoon to talk about that.Waiter: Morning, folks.Stanley: I'll have the surf and turf with a side order of lobster.Waiter: Actually, the surf and turf does come with lob--Stanley: Not enough lobster. Side order.Phyllis: How much wine do you have?Oscar: I brought you a cookie.Angela: Oh, thanks, Oscar. You're such an angel.Oscar: [talking into phone] I just gave her a cookie, and she called me an angel, so... yeah, we're good. Yeah. [exhales] We dodged a b*llet, yes. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, yeah-- Well, I gotta go now, but-- Okay, bye. Bye.Pete: There we go.Everyone: [cheers and applause]Pete: Nicely done. Very nicely done. All right, this next one goes to Darryl for pocket dialing a customer while having sex.Nellie: Oooohh... you salty dog.Darryl: Well, yeah, what can I say, a player's gotta play.Pete: There you go.Darryl: Actually, that was the sound of me eating spaghetti. But I'm gonna let them think the other thing.Kevin: Okay, I got this one.Nellie: Oh, be careful! Be careful! Be carefulKevin: No, I got it. Easy does it, everyone. Nobody even take a breath.Everyone: [shouting as tower collapses] Oh no! Kevin!Nellie: What did I just say? What did I just say?Pete: Hey, hey, hey, it's just a mistake. Just a mistake. That's what this tower's all about --  mistakes. Okay, if you're afraid of screwing up, the tower's not for you. Show of hands --- who here has never had a complaint? That's right. Nobody. See that? Nobody. Okay? Let's get back to work, huh? Come on, you in?Kevin: Yeah.Pete: There we go. All right, let's do it.Jim: You know, at the end of the day, it's really only two days. I mean, I'll be back in the office.  If you need me for an emergency, call me.  I'll be there...Phyllis: You know what? I don't know where the years went.  ‘Cause sometimes when I look at my hands, I don't even recognize them.Jim: Tell me about it.Phyllis: Whose hands are these? [holding out her hands to Jim] Theyre not my hands. I don't know.Jim: All right. You know what?  Maybe we'll just... We'll go slow.Phyllis: No. Jim... [wine bottle clangs on plate]Pete: All right. Check it out.Everyone: [cheers and applause]Pete: Like a Phoenix from the ashes. Ksshhhh!Kevin: Nice.  Pretty soon, we're gonna be at the ceiling.Erin: Whoo!Pete: Can you hand me a card?Erin: Um,. it's empty.Pete: What?Nellie: Oh, come on. We could use a blank card.Everyone: No!!Meredith: That's cheating.Pam: I could get us a complaint.Meredith: You? Little Miss Priss? You wouldn't fart on a butterfly.Pam: No, I wouldn't. I can't even relate to that impulse. But I bet I could get us a customer complaint. I'd like to try.Nellie: Hmm. Yeah.  All right! Yea, go, Pam! Pam...Everyone: [chanting] "Pam!"Angela: What? Why did you call me out here?Dwight: The target-- it's Oscar, isn't it? He and the senator are gaying each other.Angela: I don't know what you're talking about.Dwight: Your nostrils tell a different story. They flare like that every time you're engaging in deception. Hello again, naughty nostrils.Angela: Fine! It's Oscar. So what?Dwight: Well I could understand you wanting to get a stranger's knees whacked. But a co-worker-- Dare I say, a friend?Angela: Exactly, a friend. Someone who sits next to you year after year, making chitchat and smiling, and all the while running behind your back and defiling your marriage and seducing your husband.Dwight: I can't even imagine how painful this must be for you. But the first ones to break your marriage vows were you and me.Angela: Well, you might be right. But it's too late now.Dwight: What do you mean?Angela: He's here.Dwight: No! No, no! [groans]Dwight: Oscar? Oscar. Oscar, good. Hey come with me.Oscar: What?Dwight: Come -- come with me.Oscar: What are you doing?Dwight: There are a bunch of construction workers in the warehouse without their trousers, drinking diet sodas. You have got to see this. They're extraordinary.Meredith: Yahtzee.Trevor: Sandwich delivery for Mr. Oscar Martinez.Kevin: I am Oscar Martinez.Angela: No, not him, not him. Outside. Outside.Kevin: Wha-- wh--Angela: You know, there's doughnuts in the break room.Kevin: Nice! Yeah.Jim: Listen, I was really wondering if maybe we could lock this down before lunch is over.Stanley: Don't be pushy Jim. It's tacky.Jim: All right. Phyllis! Phyllis, that's-- that's decorative.Phyllis: No, there's wine in here.Jim: Still decorative.Stanley: Is it white wine?Jim: No.Phyllis: [to customer] Can you help me?Jim: Don't-- don't-- don't pole people with knives.Phyllis: [groaning while trying to open giant wine bottle] ha ha!Jim: Phyllis!  Wow.Stanley: Ooh, bring it over.Phyllis: Got it.Dwight: There's no time to explain. [descending stairs] Okay, actually, there is time to explain. When Angela found out that you seduced her husband, we hired a guy to break your knee caps.Oscar: Oh, my God! What is wrong wiht you?Dwight: What is wrong with you? There are a million gorgeous guys in the Scranton Wilkes-Barre area, and you choose the man who's the father of her child?Oscar: I don't know what you're talking about.Dwight: Oh, don't lie. I'm trying to save those precious knees you're always bragging about.  Now, let's get out of here. He could be right behind us.Dwight: Aah! Actually, he's right in front of us.Trevor: Let's get it on. I'm gonna do this. I might-- I might puke, but I'm gonna do this.Dwight: No, Trevor, I am not gonna let you. He's a Dunder-Mifflin man. He's my tribe.Trevor: I'm sorry, Dwight, but for once in my stupid, stupid life, I'm gonna follow through on something, all right? I have masculinity issues-- Stop! No!Oscar: I got it.Dwight: Disarm!Trevor: You don't-- [all three grunting]Dwight: Don't move. And disarm now! [Oscar gets w*apon away from others]Trevor: Okay, okay, okay, okay.Dwight: No! No, Oscar. He's a friend. He's a friend.Erin: Okay, the client is Heymont Brake and Tire. They're family-owned, but don't let that take away from your edge!Nellie: Come on, Pam, I know you can fail. I see failure in you.Creed: Remember, you're a scumbag, so you think scummy thoughts. Like this.Pam: [into phone] Hello, this is Pam Halpert. I'm calling from Dunder-Mifflin. Yes, your paper provider. And I just called to say... your mama is so fat, when she wears red, people yell, "Hey, kool-aid." Yeah, your mama's fat. This is Pam Halpert.Pete: Did she buy it?Pam: Basically I couldn't tell, but I think...Nellie: Were they angry?Pam: I-- I thought they were confused at least...Nellie: Okay.[phone rings]Erin: Dunder Mifflin. This is Erin. Yes, you can. Okay. I will make sure that goes on file. [hangs up] Ladies and gentlemen, we just lost a client!Everyone: [cheering]Kevin: Nice. Nice.Creed: You did good. You did good.Pete: See ya later, Heymont.Dwight: No.Trevor: If you chase me, I will run so fast. If you catch me I will bite so hard. Got it? Good-bye, my friend.Oscar: What the hell, Dwight?Dwight: See ya later, Trevor.Oscar: you are incorrigible!Dwight: I just saved your life. You're welcome!Oscar: You hired someone to h*t me with a pipe!Angela: You deserved every bit of it!  You made my husband gay.Oscar: What-- what I did was wrong, and I have to live with that every day. But your husband is... gay. He was gay when you married him!Angela: No. No.Oscar: Angela, until you face that, you're gonna be confused and angry for all the wrong reasons. But if you want to blame me for the whole thing, go ahead -- I won't stop you. h*t me. you have my blessing. h*t me.Angela: Well are you gonna let go of it? Because part of the blame is definitely on you.Oscar: Angela, it's a lead freaking pipe.Angela: God! [kicks Oscar]Oscar: Aah!Angela: You were supposed to be my friend.Oscar: I'm so sorry. Angela--Dwight: Oscar.Pete: Our crowning complaint card comes to us thanks to Pamela Halpert...Everyone: [cheers and applause]Pete: For insulting a client's recently deceased mother.Nellie: Yes!Pam: I did not know that.Pete: Well, a woman who struggled with obesity all her life.Pam: I'm so sorry.Meredith: Wow.Pete: yeah. That's-- that is terrible.Everyone: [cheers and applause as Pete puts last card on tower]Kevin: You did it.Erin: Yeah!Angela: I feel so stupid. I sit next to him every day.Dwight: You're not stupid. Jazz is stupid.Angela: [crying] Jazz is stupid!  I mean, just play the right notes!Dwight: I know. You're gonna be okay, Monkey.Angela: I don't like your friend Trevor.Dwight: I don't like him either.  And yet I really like him.Jim: Well, we're here. Perfect.  [covers sleeping Phyllis with his jacket]Phyllis: We're gonna cover for you, ya know.Stanley: [chuckles]Jim: Phyllis, what was that?Phyllis are you dreaming, or--Stanley: [laughing] I did enjoy grinding your beans, son.Phyllis: [laughing] Yeah, we really did peel your grapes.Jim: This is hilarious, but we're gonna stop with all--Stanley: Shuckin' your peas.Jim: Shuckin' the peas.  You should go back to the first part, though. You are  gonna  cover for me?Stanley: Yeah.Phyllis: Of course we are, Jimmy. We love you guys.Jim: Oh, my God, thank you. [hugging both] Thank you.Pam: If you're an artist, you have to be okay with the idea  that you can't please everybody all the time.Hide: You paint very bad--Pam: Shut up, Hide!  I mean, do you think Kevin cares what people think about him-- or Creed or Meredith? Oh my gosh, these are my role models now. You know what? I'm okay with that.Dwight: Where does gayness come from? And how is it transmitted?Toby: That is-- that is a loaded question.Angela: My pastor said it can come from breast feeding.Toby: He said that?Angela: Well, he didn't fight me hard on it.Toby: I-- I don't know if there's truth to-- to, uh, to that.Angela: What is it called when two men intertwine their penises like the snakes on the medic-alert bracelet?Toby: Oh... uh...Angela: Is it called red-vining?Dwight: Is it called red-vining?Toby: I don't...Dwight: We heard it was called red-vining.Angela: People red vine.Dwight: Where are gay mens' vaginas?Toby: They don't have vaginas.Dwight: What?Toby: No. They're just regular men.Dwight: When two gay men have sex, how do they know whose penis will open up to accept the other person's penis?Toby: Uh... wow....