Kevin: Uh oh. She's doing it again.Pam: Phyllis has gotten into audio books and lately she's been listening to 50 Shades of Grey. Which, if you don't know what it is, it's a book about um...Clark: It's p*rn.Pam: Yeah.Dwight: [Phyllis rocks her chair into his provocatively] Seriously. Ugh. Ok, this is unacceptable. It's officially a hostile work environment.Phyllis: Why?Darryl: Somebody just needs to get her attention, tell her it's not OK to do this in public.Pam: Be careful. I pulled my mom's dog off a pillow once, and I got bit.Meredith: Just ignore her. Sooner or later she'll finish.Group: Ugh. Ew.Andy: What?Dwight: Phyllis is masturbating. In the office right now as we speak.Angela: Can we skip the color commentary and just have Andy go out there and f*re her?Toby: He- he can't do that. Turns out she's allowed to have feelings of sexual arousal. It doesn't become a violation until she physically acts on it.Group: No!Oscar: Toby, how do you propose that we-Andy:Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait a minute. Why is Phyllis so aroused?Pam: She's listening to 50 Shades of Grey.Andy: Well there you go. That's muy caliente.Dwight: OK, you are useless. I'll take care of this. [walks out of Andy's office and dumps water on Phyllis]Phyllis: What the hell?!Dwight: It's OK guys, she's no longer horny.Andy: Excuse me, dirty birdie [takes Phyllis' iPod]Phyllis: Wait, what?Andy: You can have this back at the end of the day. [cut to Andy listening to the iPod and looking aroused, water is dumped on him] Oh!!Dwight: Clark, I need your advice. I'm having some lady troubles.Clark: What's her name?Dwight: Esther Ruger. [Angela makes a face in the background]Clark: Sweet.Dwight: Lives on the neighboring farm. 85 acres.Clark: Oh yeah. Keep talkin'.Dwight: Well, we've been out three times, there has been physicality but the thing is we were hanging out with her father the other night looking at a farm catalog, next thing I know he wants to lease a tractor with me.Clark: Oh.Dwight: [laughs] What do you think?Clark: The same thing that you think.Dwight: A long term tractor lease is going to put pressure on a relationship.Clark: God, one of my buddies is going through the same thing right now. Something in the air.Angela: Here you go. And good for you Dwight, I'm so glad you found someone. I bet she's got kind eyes.Angela: Dwight is dating a brussel sprout farmer named Esther. She's coming here this afternoon with her father. Who knows? Maybe she'll be pulling the horse cart! [laughs]Pam: [on phone] Cici has been calling me 'Pamela'. Like four times this week.Jim: Oh man. [laughs]Pam: I wonder if she'll start calling you 'Jim'.Jim: Oh boy, please don't. Let's not let that happen.Pam: [laughs] Um.Jim: What was I gonna- What was I gonna say?Pam: You're- You know your assistant told me that you have a big pitch meeting today. With Ryan Howard. How did that happen?Jim: Not that Ryan Howard. Um, the Phillies' first baseman.Pam: Oh, oh OK.Jim: Yeah, yeah. Exactly.Pam: [sighs] Um, Ok. Well?Jim: Yeah. So, uh, I'll uh, talk to you later?Pam: Yeah, sounds good. Ok.Jim: Ok great.Pam: Ok.Jim: Bye.Pam: Bye.Kevin: [Meredith laughs] What's going on? Oh, did Gangnam Style put out a new song?Oscar: There's a promo for the new documentary on the web.Phyllis: Play it again.Promo Voice: [Music begins, Michael Scott is shown] The boss. [Pam and Dwight are shown in episodes past] The workers. [Ryan and Michael are shown] The lives. [Jim and Pam and Dwight and Angela are shown] The loves. [More flashback clips] The people. The paper. The Office: An American Workplace. Coming soon on WVIA.Kevin: Whoa. You go to the bathroom for 45 minutes and everything changes.Kevin: This is a documentary? Oh, I always thought we were like specimens in a human zoo.Kevin: [Angela is rewatching the promo and looks nervous about the part with her and Dwight] Did you see this? [lifts monitor in her direction]Angela: Your screen is all black. You just unplugged your computer.Clark: [Pam smiles as she watches the promo with her and Jim on the roof] Oh my god, is that you and Jim?Pam: Uh huh.Clark: Jeez, you fell in love with that hair? Really? [laughs] Yikes. That is awful.Pam: It wasn't so bad.Andy: Guys, are you reading the online comments? Somebody commented on my banjo playing. "Banjo at 0:19 is aight" Internet, calm down! I must be really connected with this guy. I mean that's the guy's name, right? ChobbleGobbler?Jim: Hey man, how you doin'? Jim Halpert.Ryan Howard: Nice to meet you. Eat Fresh.Darryl: Hey, man. Darryl.Ryan Howard: Hey there, Ryan. Nice to meet you. Eat Fresh. [to camera] Eat Fresh.Jim: Let's go to the conference room.Dwight: Esther's on her way up. I wonder if she wants a snack. Let's see, I know she likes apples and carrots.Angela: I bet she does. I bet she'll eat them right out of your hand with those big strong teeth.Dwight: Did I tell you about her teeth?Erin: Hey Dwight, you have some guests. I think they're from the forest where we harvest our paper.Angela: Yes.Dwight: Ah, the Ruger family. Welcome.Mr. Ruger: Fine office you have here. Sturdy walls.Dwight: Yes. Esther, you look radiant as always.Esther: Thank you. [Dwight kisses her forehead]Angela: I guess men find Esther attractive. I mean if there are chubby chasers, then there are men that like that....thing.Pam: Weird to see how we used to look in those promos. Some of us have changed so much.Stanley: [eating soft pretzel] We've all changed.Jim: With our firm, you'll be building equity for long after they've retired your number.Darryl: And we all know, baseball does not last forever.Ryan Howard: I look at these actors on TV and I think: "C'mon, I can do that."Jim: Right? [laughs]Ryan Howard: Watch this: Eat Fresh. Now what does that make you think of?Darryl: Subway sandwiches.Jim: Yep.Ryan Howard: How? I didn't say Subway sandwiches. It's called playing the subtext.Jim: Wow.Ryan Howard: I actually wrote a screenplay, it's called "The Big Piece"Jim: Based on his nickname. Like it already. Let me guess, it's autobiographical.Ryan Howard: Half biopic and half superhero movie. A mild mannered professional baseball player, Ryan Howard-Jim: OKRyan Howard: -hits a home run into outer space. Ball comes back with space dust on it, which transforms him into: The Big Piece.Darryl: The space dust does it.Jim: Space dust.Darryl: Yeah.Ryan Howard: I actually brought a- some copies of my script if you guys wanna read it together.Jim: Sure, yeah. [laughs] Hollywood. [Ryan Howard pulls out 3 thick scripts] Alright.Darryl: Wow. Yeah, we gonna read it.Jim: Ok, great.Kevin: Andy, are there documentary groupies?Andy: Of course there are!Kevin: Of course.Toby: A little ironic that I'm going to be kind of a TV star, because my last Chad Flendermen novel [groups groans] was based on a m*rder TV star. The small screen-Nellie: Oh, I don't care.Oscar: Hey guys, I just found another promo. It's in Danish. I guess it's gonna start airing in Denmark.Pam: Oh my god!Promo Announcer: [Speaks Danish]Kevin: What was that word they said when they showed me "Skrald mand"? What's that mean in Danish? Cool guy? [Oscar looks it up]Oscar: Dumpster Man.Kevin: Cool. Superhero.Angela: What about me? "Klokken tre pige"Oscar: "Three PM Girl"Angela: What? Why would they...wait a second, wait a second! What was that? [pauses on her and Dwight leaving the warehouse area where they've just had sex] Oh! I didn't know they were filming then!Oscar: It looks like the camera man was hiding behind the shelves.Phyllis: Wait. So they were filming all the time? Even when we didn't know it?Angela: Oh my god. [All look at camera horrified]Angela: There was much more secret filming than I expected. [laughs] But I am fine with it, I mean it. I am.Oscar: Are you kidding me? It's like half the show is secret footage.Meredith: I am a very private person. I show 'em when I wanna show 'em. Who wants a taste? [lifts shirt to flash camera] Boob sauce!Group: No!Oscar: Meredith!Angela: Come on!Nellie: Oh my god. Do they film us at night when we're sleeping?Oscar: Yes, Erin. They film us at night when we're sleeping. Cause that makes great TV!Erin: Hey.Angela: Oscar.Oscar: I'm sorry sweetie. This whole thing is just freaking me out.Oscar: I have been very honest with you guys. In a way that could seriously impact the political career of a very good friend of mine. You're not going to use any of that, are you?Andy: People, relax! We are k*lling it online. Have you guys checked the comments? SmokeThatSkinwagon says: "You guys are k*lling it!" I mean, we're internet sensations guys!Angela: I think we need to figure out what's going on. I might just take a little walk.Stanley: Yes, a little walk sounds like a good idea. [groups moves to warehouse and you can hear Erin whispering something]Oscar: Ok everyone, turn off your mikes.Angela: We need to know more. Did their sh*ts have sound? What exactly did they get on tape?Erin: I sneezed into my hands without using Purell and then dipped into the candy jar. Did they film that?Nellie: My first week here I sneezed directly into the candy jar because I thought I'd get more [Angela and Oscar make disgusted faces] I thought I'd get more screen time than anyone.Pete: Ok, Pam. Why don't you visit your buddy, the crew guy that got fired? Find out what they got.Pam: Brian?Pete: Yeah.Pam: Yeah, I guess I could.Stanley: Hurry Pam, I need to know how much hellfire is going to rain down on me.Phyllis: I thought Terry knew about Cynthia?Stanley: She does. But neither of them know about Lydia.Group: Oh!Meredith: Wow.Clark: Whoa! Whoa! OK, so what's this lever do?Ruger Sister 1: That manipulates the secondary shaft.Clark: Oh, the secondary shaft. Eeeh, oooga! [laughs]Salesmen: The lift capacity's up at two thousand pounds. That's a lot of beets.Mr. Ruger: Let's talk terms. If you agree to a forty sixty split on this tractor, I'll store it in one of my barns.Dwight: Mr. Ruger, are you trying to take advantage of me because I'm interested in your daughter? Fifty fifty split or no deal.Mr. Ruger: Esther, get in the truck.Dwight: Ok ok ok, wait! You win. [shakes hands]Salesman: Let's get the paperwork started.Ruger Sister 2: We should buy an auger together.Clark: Oh, yeah. Yeah.Ruger Sister 1: You would be a great one to buy an auger with.Stanley: [on phone] Hello, honey? I just spoke to the TV repair man, he says we need to keep our TVs turned off for a couple of months. Something about the wiring.Andy: Oh! Seven new comments. "The guy at 0:19 is hawt!" [typing] "Hi Bongripper, it's me, Andy. The guy from 0:19, I'm glad that you enjoyed my work in that promo. I really enjoyed your comment, going to read some more comments now. Have a great day!"[reading] "He's not hawt, he's gay." [typing] "Dear JasonJasonJason, it's me, Andy. Nice name. Not! Guess what? I'm not gay! So you are an IDIOT. And I am hawt, according to people on this site who have a brain. Never comment on this page ever again." [reading] "He is hawt!" See, thank you, that's more like it. "He is butt." God dammit! I'm about to lose my FREAKING MIND! Screw you TexasPoonTappa! Uh!Dwight: Security deposit. That's been-Mr. Ruger: Standard.Dwight: Right, standard.Clark: Hey, can I talk to you for one second?Dwight: No.Clark: One second.Dwight: No.Clark: One second.Dwight: I am closing a deal on a tractor with the father of a woman I plan to inseminate.Clark: Don't do it. [takes Dwight's pen]Dwight: What? Don't you cap that pen. Do not cap that pen! Do not! Ugh! You capped it. Wow. You are serious. Ok, you've got two minutes and then the cap comes off.Clark: Dude, we're being conned.Dwight: Go on.Clark: These chicks are way too hot to be into us. Esther's just pretending to like you so that you'll buy her daddy a new tractor.Dwight: No.Clark: Yes. Her sister's trying to seduce me into buying an auger with her.Dwight: What? Has the warranty expired on the auger you have now?Clark: I don't even know what an auger is!Dwight: No woman would ever want a man who doesn't know what an auger is.Mr. Ruger: Hey, you ready to sign?Dwight: I just need a moment to consider your offer. Excuse me. [grabs Clark]Brian: Oh, hey!Pam: Hey!Brian: Hi. [laughs]Pam: Hi, um. I'm sorry, do you have a minute? Is this a bad time?Brian: No, no, please, yeah, come on in. It's good to see you. Sorry, my place is usually not this-Pam: Oh my gosh, please, don't.Brian: Yeah, no, I- actually it's always like this. [laughs] Do you want to go outside? It's a little less cluttered out there.Pam: Sure, yeah. Yeah.Brian: Let me grab a couple drinks.Pam: OK. [Goes out onto terrace] Oh wow, you have a nice view.Brian: Alright, that's for you. [hands her beer]Pam: Oh, thank you.Brian: Cheers.Pam: Cheers.Angela: [Plays boom box to drown out sound] Alright, how much have you revealed on camera about your relationship with the senator?Oscar: They caught us kissing on Halloween.Angela: Oh! He was dressed like Ronald Reagan! [Slaps Oscar]Oscar: Oh!Angela: God!Oscar: Angela! Well he kissed like Jack Kennedy!Angela: Oh! [slaps him again] Stop it! Stop kissing him! Someone needs to call and warn him. This could ruin his career.Oscar: Well, I don't like giving him bad news.Angela: Call him!Oscar: You call him!Angela: Call him! [hits Oscar]Oscar: Stop hitting me!Angela: Call him! Call him!Oscar: No!Brian: So...Pam: So..Brian: What brings you by?Pam: Well, the promo for the documentary aired today.Brian: Oh yeah, that's right.Pam: Yeah. It's kinda crazy.Brian: Yeah, it is.Pam: See all this like old stuff, like um, there's that sh*t of Jim and I up on the roof?Brian: Oh yeah, that was, that was a good moment.Pam: Yeah, wasn't that neat?Brian: Yeah, it was cool.Pam: Yeah, and there's this one when we were listening to music and it's like, it's like w were in love and we didn't even know we were in love and it's...but- Do you think Jim's changed?Brian: Um...Pam: I'm sorry. Did that? That was out of the blue-Brian: No no, it's-Pam: I just mean because you know us and you like observed us for ten years and I feel like he's- I just feel like...he's so into his work right now and....I don't know, am I crazy?Brian: No, you're not crazy.Pam: Well, I wish that made me feel better. Listen, so everybody saw the promos and they're kinda freaking out. [Brian laughs] Cause it seems like you got a lot of private stuff on camera-Brian: Yeah.Pam: You know, stuff people didn't intend for everyone to see. And they kinda want to know how much.Brian: They want to know how much what?Pam: How much stuff you got.Brian: Pretty much everything.Pam: Well yeah, but what if we turned our mike packs?Brian: They've got parabolic mikes, they can pick you up a hundred yards away, so...no if you were around there, they got you.Pam: So we basically had no privacy for ten years.Brian: That's not really true, I mean-Pam: Um...yeah, I gotta, I gotta go.Brian: Oh no, hang on a second. Pam, I'm sorry, I- I- I can explain this so much better.Pam: No I think you explained it.Brian: Look, if you give me a chance I can, I- [Pam leaves] Pam.Jim: "Together we will win this baseball game against the evil space Yankees. Eat Fresh."Ryan Howard: That'll pay for the exploding helicopter.Jim: Smart.Ryan Howard: "Suddenly, the evil thugs break in to the stadium. The Big Piece hits baseballs at the evil thugs."Jim: "Buy me some peanuts and cr*cker jacks."Ryan Howard: Come on man, sell it!Darryl: Yeah, Jim.Jim: [louder] "Buy me some peanuts and cr*cker jacks!"Ryan Howard: Yeah, that's better. A bunch of hot women go: "Oh yeah!"Jim: "Megan, I was too shy to tell you this when I was just a normal professional baseball player, but I love you."Ryan Howard: "They kiss. It is super emotional. Like in Toy Story."Jim: Wow. I tell you what, it's really strong. I can't wait to read the rest of it later and see how it ends.Darryl: It's so strong.Ryan Howard: Keep reading then.Jim: "Gotta go! Darth Vader's launching a huge att*ck."Ryan Howard: Um another thing. I'm gonna need you to get me the rights to Darth Vader.Jim: I don't know how we'd go about doing that.Darryl: We can look into it.Jim: We'll look into it.Ryan Howard: We need Darth.Jim: We gotta get him.Darryl: We'll go after Darth then.Jim: We're gonna go get him.Darryl: That's what we gotta do.Jim: We're gonna get him.Dwight: Maybe you're right. Esther's a ten and the best I've ever done is Angela who's a nine and she rejected me.Clark: A Scranton nine, but yeah, point taken. Hey, let's go out tonight and just score a couple fours huh? I mean there are no games with fours.Dwight: Who needs a new tractor anyway? Maybe we're the kinda guys who end up with a tractor that's already been rode hard and put away muddy.Clark: Screw new tractors. Guys like us, we gotta plant our seed a different way.Dwight: By hand.Esther: Dwight, we need to talk.Dwight: I don't know that there's anything left for us to talk about, Esther.Esther: Look, we're gonna have the tractor for the same amount of work days but my dad is planning on leasing it to the Vanderkirk brothers on the weekends.Dwight: No.Esther: So you're going to be paying more, but he's putting on ten times the miles and he's pocketing a profit behind your back.Dwight: That snake!Esther: You need to tell him you want a deal based on miles or he can just stick that tractor where the sun don't shine.Dwight: That shady grove out by Willard's pond.Esther: Mmhm.Dwight: So, you're fine with me not leasing the tractor? I mean, our courtship can proceed?Esther: Of course. [laughs] You didn't just think I was tractor bait, did you?Dwight: [laughs] No!Clark: Hey Dwight, what's an auger used for?Dwight: Post hole digging. [points and laughs with Esther]Esther: Stupid.Senator: [On speakerphone] You've reached Senator Robert Lipton, please leave a message. [beep]Angela & Oscar: Hi honey!Oscar: Oh you?Angela: No you go. Hi honey!Oscar: Hey, Hey Robert!Angela: It's Angela and Oscar.Oscar: Hey.Angela: Just a few quick things.Oscar: Um the documentary's going to be airing soon, and, and you look great in the promos.Angela: Oh you look so handsome! Very presidential.Oscar: Very much so.Angela: Yeah.Oscar: Absolutely.Angela: Yeah!Oscar: Hey, I get the sense you're gonna be outed as gay.Angela: Yes and I cheated on you with Dwight, it looks like they got it on film. I didn't tell you about it.Oscar: I think that's it!Angela: I think we're good.Oscar: Done!Angela: Bye!Oscar: Ok!Angela: Love you! [Oscar hangs up] God.Andy: [on video] Hey! TexasPoonTappa and JasonJasonJason and all the rest of you haters out there! Check this out. [plays banjo, screen types out "you suck my nutz" from TexasPoonTappa, camera zooms out to reveal Nellie]Nellie: Good night Andy.Andy: Huh? Yeah, see ya. [sees comment] Oh! What?! [starts crying]Promo Announcer: [Speaks Danish]Pam: I hope you got sound on everything. I'd love a DVD of that. [at computer opens translator. Types in "Elskere" which comes back as "lovers" Pam smiles]