05x29 - 100 Episodes 100 MomentsQuotePostbybunniefuu»09/11/09 06:32I've been at Dunder Mifflin for 12 years, the last four as Regional Manager.If you wanna come through here.He put my stuff in Jell-O again.Try my...A uterus is different from a vag*na.I still have a vag*na.These are my party-planning biatches.You're like the new and improved Pam. Pam 6.0.This was the best Dundies ever.Okay. Whoa!What has two thumbs and likes to bone your mom?This guy.It's Phyllis!Chili's baby back ribs Baby back, baby back, I want my baby backThe f*re guy. The f*re guy."You need to do something about your coffee breath. " Okay, no!"You need to do something..." Shut up, shut up, shut up.Detective Michael Scarn. I'm with the FBI.Hey, look. I'm king of the world!Dwight. Oh!Jim has got it bad for Pam.Oh!Which one is Pam?Whoa! Oh! Oh!I'm the bobblehead.For it is...Together that we prevail.This is Creed. And he is in charge of something. Right? That is correct.Say hi to the kids. Hi, kids.Yay!I don't like you.Illegal dr*gs were consumed on company property.Okay? Your ass is on the line, mister.Listen, Jim...What are all those stains?Blood, urine or semen.Oh, God, I hope it's urine.Call of Duty!Michael, get him away from your head.He's covered in germs and bacteria.No. You can't get diseases from a bird!You will now wrestle my cousin Mose.No. Okay. All right, all right.We did it! We did it!We did it!I don't know what I'm grabbing here!All right, all right! Stop!Put me down! But it feels good. Push it, push it!I'm Prison Mike.Hey, Dwight. Pretty nice robes. I...Why?Mike, you're a rock star, man. You are the man.Lovely place. You ever been to Bermuda?You wearing a thong?This is bull!My hair!I love this woman!Oh, God.Would you please tell Darryl that this is not a woman's suit?Oh, my God. That's a woman's suit.Bingo!Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!Bears eat beets.Bears, beets, Battlestar Galactica.You can run, but you cannot hide.Jim! Come on!Whoa! What are you doing?Come on! Stop.Everything is gonna be totally...Pam. Sorry.Are you free for dinner tonight?Yes.All right. Then it's a date.I feel very blessed.Oh, God. My nipples.Everything okay?Everything's cool, dude.The turtles.Summer sausage. Where are the turtles?Where are the turtles? Come on, guys. Get out of here.Where are the turtles?Stop it. Give me that.This is stupid.You don't even know what stupid is.It's about to get all stupid up in here.I declare bankruptcy!Call Michael or Stanley Jim, Dwight, CreedI think I cut my penis on the lid.I don't know what streets we've been... Ow!What are you doing?It would be better if you were unconscious.Look at this. Ah!See?He fits perfectly.Got it a week after we started dating.Ryan, we're gonna take your clothes off.No.Did I stutter?Whoa!I'm Holly Flax. I was told to ask for a Mr. Flenderson.Holly is the best thing that has happened to this company since World w*r II. Fifty years, she is the best.You all gained five pounds back.Damn it. Come on.Yes.What's going on?No. Nothing. Nothing, Michael. Just saying hi.The tall guy got engaged.To be married? Yeah.Coming. Here we go.God! Wow. What was on that?$300! Do I hear $300? $300.Hey, batter, batter, batter. Hey, batter, swing, batter! $300, $300, $300.I'm not strong. I'll go back to Jan and I hate Jan.Oh, God.Louder, son! Buttlicker, our prices have never been lower!Stop it! Stop it! He...I can't see, because I am in a...You said you were leaving and you made liars out of all of us.I did leave.Yes, you did. And then you came back.We're all on the same team. Is it...Why is that in the kitchen?I ought to be able to cut my...What are you...Hey, hey, hey!Because if you are saying that Hilary Swank isn't hot, then you're saying that I'm not hot.Because obviously I'm not as hot as Hilary Swank.Save Bandit.Welcome to the roast of Mr. Michael Scott.If you are here for the Grabowski wedding, it is the second door on the left.Party planning? I am a paper salesman.This is literally the stupidest thing I've ever done in my life. This is humiliating.That's on my side.So this is fun.Cutting down the competition.Where you from? I'm from here.Yeah. Okay. Well, he only gets better.Thank you, Michael. Okay.I am Willy Wonka.I quit. What?Oh, my God. Oh, my God.Welcome to the Michael Scott Paper Company.I don't know what to do to inspire these people.Okay. Maybe it's my fault.It's not your fault.Some people just don't wanna be inspired.It's Michael Scott.I think that pretty much sums it up.