[screams] Oh no! Oh. It's locked! Please, don't. I have a family. This is how you build a business. This is how you make it in this country. Oh, man, so many points being made. Yeah, your nephew is so lame. You follow him on Twitter? You know what Dwight? You need to go back there, and you need to "Pretty Woman" their asses. Just checking my e-mails. See if I got any last-minute "break a legs" or "I still love you" type texts. Doesn't look like I got anything. Maybe on my Facebook wall. Get your eyes checked, chucklehead. Then I will write it down. I actually had that down in the cons column, but... Rude. And not helpful. Well, that...really bums me out. Hey, man, can I get a plus five? It's all guys. I think he- Shake things up. I'm a Nader guy. [muttering going on all around, Andy looks sick] Hey Creed, would you read Chinese? What does this say? What does that mean? Party's over? Everybody leaves? Are you sure? Are you kidding me? Hey, back off. It's Solitare. Talk to me. Hey, Jim? Are you distracting these people? Parley? So everyone here knows pirate code? Wow. You have a whole room of vending machines? [holding a knitted iPad case] It's amazing. It's so great. Thank you. Yes. Creed. I noticed you don't have a resolution on the board. What's yours? How is it going? What is wrong with you people? Can't you stick to anything? Erin, I want you to go to the kitchen and get me some vegetables. Creed, you say you want to do a cartwheel? Nothing's stopping you. Come on, old man, do a cartwheel! You're just gonna somersault around for the rest of your life and you know what's going to be on your tombstone? Loser. Holly, come on in. Thanks for coming. I thought there should be an HR rep here for this. So, Kevin and Creed, things got a little bit intense in the conference room. You're right. And I hope that we can still be friends. One, two, three. [does cartwheel] I did it! I did a cartwheel! Look at where you're going to be doing the cartwheel. So look at where you're going to be placing your hands. So pick a spot. You ready to do this? You know what? I'm going to stay here as long as it takes. It's about you. It's about you. Go! You did? Okay. Go. Ladies and gentlemen, our special guest speaker will provoke you. He will inspire you. He is... Creed Bratton. [applause] Butt honking. Yeah, all the honking. Okay everyone, I know we're really excited to see this movie that everybody's in, but we have to remember that Michael is sensitive, so let's stay positive! And no laughing, no comments, just positive energy and we'll have a pure fun day! Okay? You helped me get off dr*gs! Hey Creed. No no no, let me see. [picks up the mostly knitted mittens] Oh Phyllis, nice try. I love 'em. [waves goodbye to her with the mittens] [Michael begins walking out the office, he takes one last look at all his friends to see them working, and Jim looking back, teary eyed] [looking at empty vending machine] No food now? Someone has to do something about Dwight! You mean the frozen mice for the piranha? [drives up to the entrance of the building, his license plate reads "NEW MGR"] It's a beautiful morning at Dunder-Mifflin, or as I like to call it, Great Bratton. [gets out of car, tosses his keys toward a nonexistent valet parker] Keep it running. Do I love being manager?... I love my kids. I love real estate. [slowly getting more excited] I love ceramics. I love my job. I-I love wrestling. [to Jordan] Find out what language this is. [speaking in strange language] He never called a meeting. What are we doing? Um... Business! [on phone] Yes, there used to be a paper clip that would pop up and say "Looks like you are writing a letter or resume. Would you like help? I believe his name was... [looks embarrassed at camera] Clippy. Hang up. [Creed hangs up] Corporate needs you to find the differences between this picture and this picture. [shows Creed two similar-looking photos of some building] Intel has told us there were at least seven. Welcome to Scranton, Jo. Land of a thousand problems only you can fix. [Jo's phone starts vibrating, she picks it up and sees Dwight has texted her "Dwight's ability as a manager has lead him to higher levels of proffesional success,"] Oh for god's sake. He's texting me his resume one line at a time. These are costing me ten cents a piece, you jackass! I'm roaming! Hello! This is... the client. Yes. Great. I will run this branch, or I will destroy this branch, or... [shrugs] I don't know. Something always works out. [leaves] [in high-pitched, damsel-like voice] Is that right? Well, okay! Hey, are you single? This seems like a love connection to me! Yeah, I lost my client. Looks terribly real, doesn't it, Creed? Are you scared of snakes? When I was a boy, there was an empty house just up the hill from my family's. It was rumored a man committed su1c1de there after being possessed by the devil. One day, a young woman, Lydia, moved into the house with her infant child. That very night, Lydia was awakened by a loud, heinous hissing sound. [hisses] She walked to the nursery, and there, in baby's crib, was a snake wrapped around baby's neck, squeezing tighter and tighter. Psst. We're not here. [slips Toblerone candy to Creed] Exactly. Every second you sit there is an hour off your life. Look at all of you. I feel like you're in a su1c1de cult. [shoe falls while climbing ladder] Oh. Ow. Ow. Ow. [grunts] Creed. I was never here, all right? Jessica is my super serious girlfriend, who is seriously awesome and seriously sexy. Only thing that's not serious, by the way? Our repartee. .....Chad Flendermen's kryptonite. [Darryl walks up to Toby and Val in a tuxedo] Oh, we got this! Uh, you guys are going to love these. So, empanadas on me. You guys gotta try them. Wow, what a surprise. That's crazy. You guys get to meet the little heck-raisers. Aw! You guys. He's licking on my finger, just like my cat does. No, it's the pacifier's turn. Thirty minutes! Ahh! [laughs] Sorry I couldn't resist. It's so quiet. Dunder Mifflin, this is Andy. [whispers to Kelly] I put out some new magazines, check it out. Self-defense is not some fun boxing match, okay? This is about escaping with your life. So... strike, scream, and run. All right? Let's try it. Yeah, I know, Oscar we all are but nobody's gonna open it. You'd have to be insane. [everyone turns to look at Creed] [to Creed standing in front of the "treasure box"] Now, carefully... open the box. [panting] Well fought. I accept the outcome. Welcome to your party. Everybody get comfy now. This first song's over a half hour long. [plays off-tune notes] Oh. Well. I feel that as someone who knows Pam only a little bit... enough. A good amount. Not the most, though. I would say that she is misunderstood and that maybe there's some stuff in her past that you guys don't know about that's a little messed up and probably makes her such a t*rture to work with. Oh, oh, it's not me. No, no. I've never had any problem in that arena. And I have been with several older men.Robert & [in unison] How old? Creed, you are a thousand years old. Creed, I just bid twenty dollars on six Jiu-Jitsu lessons. No one's raping this guy! Me? I have a delicious secret. Woo! [starts pedaling out until trapeze bike flips over, he dangles from the handlebars] Ahh!! [interrupting] Bugh, boring. All she talks about is chores. [distributing paperwork to the office] Get excited. The special projects fairy has arrived. [excited] Heifer's International. Listen to this. They give a poor person like, a goat or something. It's a great prank. Yeah. The Taliban in Afa-ghanistan. What? Come on. Role call! Shabooyah, yah yah shabooyah role call! Shabooyah, yah yah shabooyah role call! Role call. I didn't realize that everybody here dresses up every year. Me neither. Wait! Wait. Hold on. Where's the band? ‘Cause there's just no way you guys are making this magic with just your mouths. [On phone] Oh, great! Yeah, um, I'll get right back to you. [hangs up] Hey guys! Anyone ever heard of Iris Black on the radio? Hey remember that week in the 90's when we got bagels? All right. Up next we got a whole lotta Creed. Come on, Pam, I know you can fail. I see failure in you. Nice. Nice. Topless Christmas. Tapas swiss miss. We don't want it to last longer. It's horrible. Yeah, yeah, sure. I'd love to.. Hey, Creed, wanna be my buddy? [putting mayo on Creed's head] Creed, I'm all done. My turn. Hey, where's my ring? It's all gone. I didn't get a chance to try them all because Creed poured my Bogota Sunrise in the plant. Shut up! So is it all right for her to flirt with Creed, for example? Yeah, and somebody had the b*lls to put my phone number on the men's room wall. Which is so messed up. It's 6782 not 83. You're clearly snooping. Everyone please, just- Andy also hired a management consultant today. Oh no. [runs to front office] We absolutely did. Thank you for remembering that. [as elevator door closes] Hold it! We can't let him buy our forgiveness with cupcakes. He was awful to us. And, he still is. How much is a cupcake? $2.50? Is that the price of our dignity? $3.75 a cupcake, actually. $3.67 if you buy a dozen. What?! Ohh. And we have a winner. And it's Dwight. And it is everyone because this is over. Well that kind of worked out. Brava, brava. [while getting steamed] Break protocol! Break protocol! Break protocol! I can't believe the doc is finally going to air. When this thing started, I was still having sex with women. As was Kevin, I believe. You're a dad! Oh. Eh, whatever. No big deal. Hi, I'm Dakota. Nice. You take something ordinary, like a piece of paper. It's not much. But if you see it in the right way...And that's what you did with this documentary. But seriously, you made a nine-year documentary and you couldn't once show me doing my origami. [walking out of the bathroom discovered by all] Uh..ohh! Thanks Phyl. Do you even have a mattress? You're not gay. Everyday when I came into work, all I wanted to do was leave. So why in the world does it feel so hard to leave right now? Hi, I'm Dakota. Nice. You take something ordinary, like a piece of paper. It's not much. But if you see it in the right way...And that's what you did with this documentary. But seriously, you made a nine-year documentary and you couldn't once show me doing my origami. [walking out of the bathroom discovered by all] Uh..ohh! Thanks Phyl. Do you even have a mattress? You're not gay. Everyday when I came into work, all I wanted to do was leave. So why in the world does it feel so hard to leave right now?