Hiya! Ha! [climbs on Phyllis' desk and starts kicking things off, bites off the head of a stuffed animal] I love you. What's up, Venus? That means don't. Haven't you seen Ghostbusters, Pam? Come on. Okay, um... [draws a circle around "Don't" with a line through it] That's as clear as I can make it. Ok, you know what? Just -just back off! Back off! Yep, here they are. Boycott the Steamtown Mall! Everyone, you heard me! Cancel all of your business with the Steamtown Mall! I'd like you to imagine a place where you feel very peaceful. For me, it's the walk from the yogurt shop to my car after I drop my daughter off on Sunday afternoons. We present to you for your comments and approval, Dwight K. Shrute. I did, because I am being the bigger man, and balloons are bigger than flowers. Yeah! Yeah, I get those every day after work. Thanks, but I feel like a loner right now. That is my new maintenance worker, Nate. And you'll be happy to know that he's taking care of that hornet's nest that you've been griping about. There are many reasons a man would wear a fake mustache to work. [spinning in chair] He is a fan of the outrageous. He loves to surprise! He loves... other things as well. [shying away] Look, [sighs] It's a pimple Phyllis. Avrile Lavigne gets them all the time and she rocks harder than anyone alive. Everyone, I've noticed that we have not been entirely kind to one of our own, due to stigmas and prejudices. ...unbelievable. [reading Cornell magazine] Whoa. Libby Dirketts got married. Big Red mazel tov to the Libster. Ooh, says here Dan Becker fell off the side of Kilimanjaro in a climbing accident. It appears Dan's Sherpa survived to tell the tale-Oh, my God! No, he d*ed. It's Broccoli Rob. You know this guy; I showed you his picture on Facebook. "Some Vermont-based alums can hear 'Broccoli' Rob Blatt, '96, in the state milk lobby's new milk awareness song, 'Calci-YUM!', featuring Phish's Trey Anastasio. Says Broccoli, 'Trey and I had a ton of fun in the studio, and I think you can hear it in the song.'" Yeah, yeah, it's great... I don't know, your frame, your build-why don't you have a glass of apple juice and tell me you're not a diabetic. [Stanley stands to leave] See? I could tell by the sound you made when you stood up that you have-okay. Yes, Phyllis? Yes, Jim. And with a little tweaking, it becomes a different office. We lure Danny to it and watch him sell. I'm outta here. Okay. Well...get ready, 'cause it's gonna get better. I don't think that she would leave Jim for Danny. Pam is gonna choose whoever has a scent most like that of her father. Does anyone remember what her dad smelled like? I guess you could say I'm still in costume. I'm a rational consumer. I don't like your tone! Look, they were sold out of all the other costumes, okay? I think we all live in the real world, here. Let's not pretend to be unaware of what sells in this office. [hands are being forced to the letters] A... S... S... H... E... T? This is Jessica Ortega. I met her when both she and I were both seven years old when my parents took me to Quimixto on a service trip. Look at these people. These are church-going people. And they know how to party. Hey, right? Tell them that I d*ed, and I turned into an angel, and when they feel a breeze in a room with all the windows closed or that-that chill on the back of their neck, that is just me watching over them. Hey, guys, has anybody seen the baby? [peeking into various rooms] The show's starting. The show's starting! The show's starting! Show's starting! [Glee begins as all get nearby to watch] Finn. Rachel. [enters room where Phyllis is pouring wine, using stadium announcer voice] Ladies and gentlemen please welcome, Phyllis Vance! [sniffs her] Isn't that White Diamonds Maya Smith Taylor? [throws up on bed] Puts pillow in front of the puke. Erin likes Gabe. Do you think that they've ever... Well girls tell each other things right? Good luck Michael! Oh, uhm, like three months. I don't know. [awkwardly] I have to go Phyllis. Pervert. Welcome to your future. I say we b*mb 'em. By 2020, they're gonna be the world's largest economy and they're getting a taste for protein. We'll all starve. This is possibly our new Dunder Mifflin office. I'll tell you who. Darryl, Phyllis, Stanley, Angela, and Oscar. You are? Nashua got mp3 players. Wow. Look at that. There's a pebble in there. You coulda k*lled me. You know what you, you, you leave these huge pauses in your sentences. What do you expect me to do? Nora Ephron, in every romantic comedy ever made. Kelly! Um, how are you adjusting to the move? Did you see her face? Well it seems to me that there is a person sitting out there in the annex that still has feelings for Michael G. Scott. And it ain't Tara. Yup. No, no. Jim had a great year, actually. I just wanted to get your opinion. Look at this. [walks in with a dirty Woody] Who did this? It's obvious to me I'm not welcome here, but somebody better tell me who did this, or else I'm leaving. The glitter is blinding. I recently met Sue, the office administrator at Vance Refrigeration. She has this awesome wall full of fun initiatives and morale boosters and stuff. Sue just goes for it, she's awesome. No. She'd just resent me. Or worse! She would think of me as her friend. [disgusted voice] Oh, hi friend! Blegh. You think she'd talk to you? No, that's uh. p*rn. p*rn. Old lady... nasty... p*rn. Oh, sure. Have a seat. How were your breaks? Oh, wow... you went together? No. Nothing really happened. I mean, I know I made a big deal about this whole New Year's deadline, but um, it came and went... and, we're still together. That's great. There's a big, big future in that. Stanley, you're suppose to close. [quietly] Phyllis? Oh my gosh! Yeah, yeah. Put me on that. [whispers] Click the "x" In the box. Uh, excuse me, excuse me. How does the speaker know what the guy in the coma is dreaming? Ladies and gentlemen, I think we have a winner. Who's is it? Who wrote that? Okay. Oh! [laughter] "Gabe's mom... hmm... Gabe's mom? Wait. Tall woman? Looks like Gabe? Yeah, I banged her." Nice. Do the damn thing. - Pow! [they fist bump and explode] Yeah, it's a little much. Not occasionally. All the time. I'm not asking for one, I need it. This is your moms old stuff? How's she doing? How do you know when its time? [a barber enters the office for Deangelo] That is so badass. So hardcore. Awesome! Nice! [rest of the office looks excited] Stanley Hudson is a grump, everybody knows that. [Stanley looks angry] But did you know, that Stanley Hudson is also the face of a debilitating disease known as diabetes. The Diabetes Award goes to Stanley Hudson! [Stanley slowly walks over, angry] Come on up here you sick bastard. So you guys are filming people when they go to the bathroom now? It's an experiment. Mmm! [pulls out a list of everyone in the office, then puts it back in his jacket] Attention everyone, before I leave tomorrow I would like to reveal a secret I have kept for over twenty years. A secret about Phyllis. When Phyllis was in high school, she was so... cute. [Phyllis looks relieved] And she still is. I thought he knew about the baby I gave away. Ahh. [hesitantly] Sounds great, I just think it's great. Oh, I have gifts as well! [goes into his office and comes out with a bag] And I will start, by giving the first gift to Phyllis! Phyllis, you are shy and sweet, and you don't often speak your mind, but you should. Because you have great ideas. So Phyllis, I am giving you this, so you can always remember to speak your mind. [presents to her a mouth wind-up chattering toy] But you're the best salesman, on the inside. No. See? This is what happens. You can't let a stray dog into the house. [stopping her] Okay, don't turn this into some feminist issue. I think we should do cupcakes. I am one of the few people who looks hot eating a cupcake. Okay. [both chuckling. Michael leaves Erin, looking thoughtful] Phyllis. Phyllis, are my mittens done? Listen to me. It's two p.m. From now until four, your priority is knitting. Knit like the wind. Okay, here we are in the conference room. Once again. And I just wanted to call you all here, together, because I have something important. Well there's two things actually. Okay first, I would like a whereabouts on Pam. [Jim looks regretful] And secondly, Phyllis how are those mittens coming? Because I would actually like to bring them home and pack them. I'm leaving for the day at four. Okay... [crosses Jim off his list] Phyllis. No. Never. Can someone please throw me a fifth ball? If you dare! [Kevin pretends to throw ball] Incoming! And we're on! Remember, nothing's impossible! Phyllis, where's Phyllis? Do you believe in me, Phyllis? Because I believe in you. Oh, I'm glad you asked, Jim. Because apparently there's a rumor running around here that I am a sexist. I can't work here effectively if you guys think I'm something that I am not. I am not a sexist. Raise your hand if you have a vag*na. [Deangelo raises hand, Kelly and Pam sheepishly raise hands] Raise your hand if someone you love has a vag*na. [Deangelo raises other hand, along with rest of office] Yeah, yeah. Okay. Just about everyone. What about Deangelo's hand? Oh wow. He's got 'em both up. [Ryan raises both hands] Yeah. Uh huh. [others raise both hands] Yeah, so it bothers me when I hear that there's gossip around here that I treat women lesser than men. Okay? Frankly, we all look a little ridiculous when that happens. No, you can't get flowers for someone who's in a coma. They'll wilt before he wakes up. No. The blueberry Slurpee pouch. Thank you. Yeah. Okay, fine. You can go on your singing audition. Good morning. Good morning. [checks to see that she is alone with Phyllis] Did you hear anything? Oh, I'm sure they'll let us know when they get the results. [Erin crosses fingers and smiles excitedly] So, Phyllis might be my mom. I mean, the chances are tiny, but... Yeah. I'm sure I was just another Porky's baby. But why not find out. Okay, guys, it's time. It's pep talk time. Tell me what I need to hear. [on video resume on a laptop] Name? David Brent. Occupation? Inspirer. Status? None of your business. Young, free, and single, though. Thanks for asking. Hear you're looking for a new boss. Yeah? Someone to tell a bunch of discontented, underencouraged drones what to do every day. Is that it? Oh. Our out-of-touch powers that be? Want me to f*re them, if they don't see things your way? Then I ain't that dude. Bye-bye, baby, bye-bye. Get some other corporate suit to lay down the law. What? You've changed your mind? You're now looking for a leader of men? Ipso facto, women too. [points at self] When do I start? Yeah. [Jim looks uninterested in this candidate] [trying to cut off Phyllis] I... I don't think I can do that. Well, that's not my personality. Yes? Yeah, but see... it's not. You have met a lesbian in real life, right? What is happening right now? No, why would you think that? I see it. [nods and smiles] I see it like I see a mountain that I'm standing in front of [voice cracks] and facing, and I'm like... Yeah. [Oscar looks confused] Yeah, Andy would be wonderful as boss. Erin made a good point. [brushes Erin's hair with her hand] Okay, shush it. This was a mistake. Let's go. [Darryl and Jada leave, Ryan slowly shakes his head] What? No, no, it's not a vote. It can't be nothing. WARNING! WARNING! WARNING! WARNING! WARNING! Phyllis! Phyllis! You okay? You okay? ... 2, 3! [pulls Phyllis up] He'll know that we looked at his private notebook. I'm already working on this Columbus Day thing for you guys and it's starting to stack up. Feels like a lot. One thing at a time. Cultural ghetto? Totally- totally agree. [separately] Awww. Let me tell you some things I find productive. Positive reinforcement. Negative reinforcement. Honesty. I'll tell you some things I find unproductive. Constantly worrying about where you stand based on inscrutable social clues. And then, inevitably reframing it all in a reassuring way so that you can get to sleep at night. No, I do not believe in that at all. If I invited you to lunch, I think you're a winner. If I didn't, I don't. But I just met you all. Life is long, opinions change. Winners prove me right. Losers, prove me wrong. Well, you got it this year too. This week we are rolling out the brand new Sabre tablet....the Pyramid. [holds up triangle shaped touch pad] I'll take five.[Andy walks in with ties on his arm] Take a look at where you are, where you once worked in a dying industry, you now work at it's birth. Those superstores are terrified of us. Anybody know why? If no one else wants to? I was just thinking about Robert...man. What a boss. Just throws down goals, you know? Anyway, how's the sales doubling ...project going? Thanks for coming in guys. [on the phone]I can have it to you by the beginning of next week. Alright? Thanks very much. [hangs up] Uh, Phyllis! Bracken Auto? OK, keep in mind, it's not too late to choose another prize and there are some great new additions. My car [nervous laughter] for a thousand points....or best offer. Before taxes. What really interests me is the group dynamic of six people winning the lottery. This will not end well. Right? I haven't hired anyone. I got it. I'm doin' it. As long as you guys don't need me up here. Uno! Dos! Tres! [sh*t shows Jim & Dwight pulling ropes attached to a plank holding Erin in a helmet and boxes of paper down the greased runway, Dwight grunts] I don't get the reason for this party. Andy, we understand basic table manners, we're not children. Yeah, of course. Ye... I mean, uh, yeah, I think he did. [groans from the group] Ah, it's, uh... somebody's already called that. Send completed. You are the best in the biz, I can't deny. Okay. When I was 22, I worked there and everybody said the place was haunted. I didn't believe it until one day before we opened, I look up into the mirror, you know, behind the bar, and I see this old man dressed all in black, but when I turn around, there's no one there. So, I tell the cook my story... I know. I'm taking them down. Got 'em. Go! I don't know. She's from somewhere, I bet. Maybe from the forest. I don't know, Phyllis. Maybe she's from the city. The Michelin man called, he wants his cummerbund back. You don't deserve to have this branch. Five mistakes in less than a day. Thank you. Really you guys thank you. Very sweet. No! There are universal biological standards of beauty and attraction. And you are purposefully celebrating the opposite of them to mollycoddle a pregnant woman. I'm going into labor! Charge! I'm in. You know, I just got Limitless on my iPad. I bet I could get it on the TV. No, of course we're not tourists. We're just people that aren't from here who are taking a tour. Its... I mean come on. All I need is another gym. As if I don't have enough drama. Oh, that is so cute- He did it himself. The fifth one is for you, Erin. You could take it or leave it. To take it would be to accept that you're at a party and you're an adult woman, with an adventurous spirit. To leave it would be fine too. So, there was talk of oatmeal. Hey guys, sorry to interrupt, I uh, just found this on my desk. [shows picture of Cici with devil doodles] Need to talk to somebody about it. Can you believe that? Um. I know who did this....Dwight. No! Right. You're right. So maybe it was me who did it...by accident. Good-timers follow me. Atlanta. Wrong, for so many reasons. The ring of a failed marriage might have some sinister energy, right? Am I just being silly? You know what, I can just sell it and put the money in the party fund. Yeah. Ooh, "the case of the h*t and run," that's exciting. We should all go to the hospital and visit her. Yeah, you owe us. I had to stay until six twice to cover for you. My wife got to the TV first, had to sit through damn Rizzoli and damn Isles. Wow, I'm really sorry. Hey, m*rder She Wrote. How about we drop the whole 'm*rder, She Wrote' thing, okay? Jim was at the courthouse for jury duty every morning. How do I know? Because I drove him there. Thirty minutes out, thirty minutes back, easy hour. And I would watch that cute little tushie scurry up those courthouse stairs every morning and that was that. [gasps] Yes! Cece wanted to thank everybody for letting her daddy stay home with her all last week and play, so she brought you a little treat. Oh, Aunt Phyllis. No, no, it's okay, I'll be right back. Jim. Pam! Ahh! Look what I can do now that she's no longer pregnant. [pretends to punch Pam in the stomach] Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! [laughs exaggeratedly] Order reference number 00983-126. Who is ready for dinner? "oh, I bet it's pizza, or tacos, or something stupid". No. [claps] I went south of the border for this. And then I went south of that border. And we have ourselves... [takes foil off tray] [Jamaican accent] A Jamaican feast, mon![Disapproval from everyone else] Uh, "The moon is huge tonight." Cool-down fiesta begins right now. I got decaf coffee... Oh, my god! Guys, guys. That's so vague. You gotta do the zip plus four. 1-8-5-0-5 dash 7-4-2-7. How could I have been more clear? He had a massive stroke [slight pause] of good fortune and he is now in a better place. [to Kevin] What's a skinny guy like Toby know about cookies? You can't trust him to understand the wants and needs of the thick man. Maybe Toby from two years ago. Look, I need this. Ok? Your daughter is a pretty little girl. Let her go door-to-door. You think people gonna buy cookies from my [hesitates] chubby daughter? Or have them sing that song! That the frog does in Looney Tunes. Sup? Thank you, for someone who actually notices this. No, I didn't lose weight. But I started using my makeup to contour my face to look skinnier. I actually put on five pounds. Me. All right. Let's get going. First up, it is the woman with the beautiful fingernails and the tiny feet, Phyllis. Phyllis. So, Phyllis, I have been very impressed with you. Oh, great. [reads] "Glad they didn't mix up your tonsillectomy with a moustachectomy." Oh that's not good. Okay, Phyllis sits across from him every day. Phyllis, does he have a moustache or not? [reveals Stanley's moustache] Ah! Ha ha ha! Mm-hmm. She's always late, she's always rude... Yeah. [laughs] We should do it right here in the break room. [they giggle] What I mean to say is we don't want to. Hey!  So how was the drive in? You don't say? Yeah. You know the roads are actually the slickest in the first half hour? Yeah. Phyllis. This rain... does it make you wanna be doing something? Hey, come on. And that's noon. Exactly. [others groan] I was very drunk. If it makes you feel any better, I never had an orgasm until I was forty-two. And then when I did, it lasted 'til I was forty-four. Dwight, I don't think he's going to hurt anybody. You two better watch yourselves. [to webcam] Hello. My name's Oscar. I'm an accountant in Scranton, Pennsylvania and I'm gay. And I'm here to tell you that yes- it does get better. When I was younger, um- He's searching out younger gays. Hi, you know, my office got a call that they were sh**ting family portraits right here. And if there's one thing that every politician instinctively understands, it's a good photo op. David, what are you doing here? I was so looking forward to that and it did not... go as I thought it would. Oh, my god. It's called a garbage can. [to Kevin] Language. I'm just saying, what does it imply in this country when a white person shares an ancestor with a black person? Hi guys. Stop it! Stop it! You're frightening me! [Toby uses tester on wall as Erin marks wall with red tape X] Oh, god. It's an EMF hotspot. You're the boss. Don't you think we'd all be a lot more productive if while we were doing work we looked up and saw the best rural pie stand in Pennsylvania? Well now I don't even feel like pie. Wait...no it's back. Role call. That Swayze sure can dance dirty. Her name? Good luck to you. [disconnects call] That is a damnable lie. I love women. Ew. That's not good. ‘Gy-na' said that? Angela, I'll go with you. You've got this Schrute. May I please speak to your boss? He's screwed. They're meeting in less than an hour. Okay, I'm a woman. [high voice] I'm a woman. Good? Hello. No. All right. Not enough lobster. Side order. You know, at the end of the day, it's really only two days. I mean, I'll be back in the office.  If you need me for an emergency, call me.  I'll be there... Tell me about it. All right. You know what?  Maybe we'll just... We'll go slow. All right. Phyllis! Phyllis, that's-- that's decorative. No. Don't-- don't-- don't pole people with knives. Ooh, bring it over. Well, we're here. Perfect.  [covers sleeping Phyllis with his jacket] [laughing] I did enjoy grinding your beans, son. Yeah. I didn't realize how many of Angela's opinions I agreed with, until she tried to have my kneecap shattered for sleeping with her husband. She makes a lot of very sound points. Or, who was it that suggested the authentic Pennsylvania Dutch Christmas? I think it was someone really popular. We're the party planning committee, and we did not get where we are by playing it safe. We got here by being risk takers. And, yeah, Dwight's party is gonna be terrible. Maybe. Maybe it's not. Maybe it's going to be great. And if it's great...I think we all know what that would mean to us. [With his mouth full] I love this hog mama. [Chokes and spits it out] What is maw?![Dwight walks in as Belsnickel] Yes, exactly! Take a bowl and pass it down. Phyllis Vance! Cheer or fear? Belsnickel is here! I judge your year as...admirable. [Jim claps] There you are. It's a set of rubber gaskets for canning jars. Party's over. You quit on Christmas, Christmas quits on you. [To camera] And guess what, kids. Belsnickel isn't real. It's me, Dwight! [Takes off hat and beard][Everyone putting up normal Christmas decorations as Phyllis has a talking head] I wash my hands at least six times a day. Toilet seat covers? Yes, thank you, even when I pee. Apparently, none of that is protection enough. Not when it comes to Meredith. Alright, we're going down to my warehouse, that means we're playing by my rules. No messing with the baler and be cool in front of me and Val. We just broke up. Yeah. I think he needs some hugs, and maybe some chocolate cake. Or what's her name. Can I help you? Yeah, that's true. Quite enormous. Phyllis, my sister? More like my dead great great grandmother who d*ed of stupidity. Hey guys. Nope, you got it. You fixed it. Uh, I have a gift from Jan. It's an espresso maker! We came to be quite fond of espresso on the Amalfi Coast so... bon appetite. YOLO! [singing and dancing] Whoo! Everybody shut up and work! You're welcome. Yes. And he didn't like it. Are you pretending to be crazy, huh? What? Come on guys. We need to figure out who did this and punish them. This isn't just about me. This is about all of us. This is our mural. Don't you see? How much we worked on this? How much time and energy? We put our heart and soul into this thing. Yeah, let's get some booze and some cocaine and just blow it out. No consequences. Phil, I'll pretend to be your husband. I'm already sick of you, so it'll seem realistic. You're back. [surveys Andy] And you're disgusting. Well, well, well, look who it is. Question. Where's Jim? This is what I'm talking about! This would be good to know. All right, what else? Should've put him out of his misery and just fired her. Why doesn't Erin seem sad? Has she found someone new or something? And if so, why hasn't she told me? Is she trying to spare my feelings? During breakups, the mind goes to some crazy dark places. Ah, come on. Uh, hello! Who's snooping on who now? What's it say? It's not cool. Uh huh. That's where nosey'll get you. Kid doesn't have a romantic bone in his body. Can someone please help me? [after Dwight tosses dirt on her face] What color is it? Hi, all. I don't think we should eat Packers' cupcakes. We can't give him the satisfaction. Wow, you're right. It is just about the cupcakes. [as all agree] OK. Hey, everybody. Um, I decided to eat my cupcake. I thought about it last night. I talked to Jim. I talked to my sister. And, I think that, as long as Todd Packer doesn't know, it's OK. Oh my god! Is everyone OK? I went Christmas caroling in March and I fertilized some bushes along the way. So, not my best night. But, not my worst night. [Phyllis rocks her chair into his provocatively] Seriously. Ugh. Ok, this is unacceptable. It's officially a hostile work environment. OK, you are useless. I'll take care of this. [walks out of Andy's office and dumps water on Phyllis] Excuse me, dirty birdie [takes Phyllis' iPod] There's a promo for the new documentary on the web. It looks like the camera man was hiding behind the shelves. Hurry Pam, I need to know how much hellfire is going to rain down on me. I just got a text from my brother. Scranton Times Tribune.com. There's a review of the documentary! "Andy Bernard, the rudderless trust fund child-slash-middle manager, whose incompetence is emblematic of a declining American economy." I bet it's Katie Couric. I've been saying this for years. Huh, yeah. [chuckles] I mean, I'm happy Angela's the first one getting famous, but it's a little weird, no? I mean, she can't sing or act, so it's actually kind of insane, if you think about it. Poor Angela. Yeah, so, I'll see you on the red carpet. See, that's how it works. Everyone! Changed my mind again. [everyone applauding] Awesome! Yeah. And people worse than him make it all the time. Like Lil Romeo. A thousand times more. Phyllis! Grab both these coffees, double-fist it, and head through this obstacle course. I didn't realize we were this close. Well, it's been great. Hey, hey, hey. I'll do one thing with y'all. Ok, everybody ready? I feel scared a little. I brought in some new faces, and one old. I always like Devon. I hired him back after Creed faked his own death in the baler the day after the doc aired. The only person he fooled was Kevin. Then the police showed up. Turns out, Creed was in the band "The Grass Roots" in the 1960's. During that time, the police say he sold dr*gs and trafficked in endangered species meat and stole w*apon-grade LSD from the m*llitary. Oh, thanks. I love your fudge. I think I gained a couple of pounds since I got here. [laughing] Oh, you can afford it. Thank you. Yeah, Hey! Aw! A bear hug from my favorite mama grizzly. A little warm. Heard you guys needed some pipes fixed or cleaned or whatever. That was interesting. [creaking sound] What was that? Will you lock the door? They're called premature, sweetie. It's good to see you again Ryan. No, my heels aren't too high. It's because I spent three hours in a car trunk. Thanks for not locking the door when I asked you to, Phyllis. [sighs] Sorry Phyllis. You didn't know. As long as I can get to the altar. [sobbing] It's everything. I missed you too. We're so excited. Imagine going back and watching a tape of your life. You could see yourself change and make mistakes...and grow up. You could watch yourself fall in love, watch yourself become a husband, become a father. You guys gave that to me. And that's...an amazing gift. I just feel lucky that I got a chance to share my crummy story with anyone out there who thinks they're the only one to take a dump in a paper shredder. You're not alone sister. Let's get a beer sometime. I brought in some new faces, and one old. I always like Devon. I hired him back after Creed faked his own death in the baler the day after the doc aired. The only person he fooled was Kevin. Then the police showed up. Turns out, Creed was in the band "The Grass Roots" in the 1960's. During that time, the police say he sold dr*gs and trafficked in endangered species meat and stole w*apon-grade LSD from the m*llitary. Oh, thanks. I love your fudge. I think I gained a couple of pounds since I got here. [laughing] Oh, you can afford it. Thank you. Yeah, Hey! Aw! A bear hug from my favorite mama grizzly. A little warm. Heard you guys needed some pipes fixed or cleaned or whatever. That was interesting. [creaking sound] What was that? Will you lock the door? They're called premature, sweetie. It's good to see you again Ryan. No, my heels aren't too high. It's because I spent three hours in a car trunk. Thanks for not locking the door when I asked you to, Phyllis. [sighs] Sorry Phyllis. You didn't know. As long as I can get to the altar. [sobbing] It's everything. I missed you too. We're so excited. Imagine going back and watching a tape of your life. You could see yourself change and make mistakes...and grow up. You could watch yourself fall in love, watch yourself become a husband, become a father. You guys gave that to me. And that's...an amazing gift. I just feel lucky that I got a chance to share my crummy story with anyone out there who thinks they're the only one to take a dump in a paper shredder. You're not alone sister. Let's get a beer sometime.