59[Elevator opens on Andy, who starts lip dub to the Isley Brothers' 'Nobody But Me', joined by the rest of the Office] You make it so hard to love you sometimes. Dwight! [Dwight pulls out a hunting Kn*fe and jumps off desk] Oh sure, those are the expense reports that corporate was waiting for yesterday. That was awesome! Yes I did. And I'm going to do the same with all of your clients. I was telling that... I was telling that. A gentleman who is a rich snob who will go into shopping malls and drop huge amounts of cash on clothes. Oh, hey guys. Your show was really great, Andy. Excuse me everyone, can I have your attention please? What do you mean again? Maybe like a year ago... Oh! When you got your new phone, that's when you asked for everyone's attention. You know who we always lose out to? Staples, the big guys. Osprey? They're a small company. They're smaller than we are. What's our excuse? How do we combat this guy? Stanley, how do we combat him? Okay. You know what? You clearly don't care, so why don't you just leave? Why don't you go outside and...take a sh*t of insulin and have a nap, okay? Uh... He doesn't need to sit, he's a traveling salesman. Look, I am not going to exclude good people from our staff simply because they are threatening to you. And unless you have a better argument than that, I suggest you leave. Stanley just drank OJ out of my mug, and didn't seem to realize that it wasn't his hot coffee. So the question has to be asked, is there no limit to what he won't notice? [sitting at Phyllis' desk, dressed like Phyllis; high pitched voice] Satchel! [shirtless, wearing only a tie] Handbag. Yay! [applause] [standing next to a pony] So long, Stanley! Sookehhh. [removes teeth] Bill Compton, from True Blood. Could you for once just let us enjoy a party instead of making it about all your issues? Thank you. You too. [chuckling] Who takes a kid to Mexico? [pointing to group of young adults laughing] Look at that. Look at that. That's fun. We need to do stuff together outside of work. Let's go help Africa. Let's go build an airport. We'll start small. We'll have a car wash. We'll send some cheerleaders to regionals. Dwight! Sign please. I don't have time for parties I don't have time for TV shows. Stanley! What time is that thing I have to do? Excuse me, everyone... SEX! Now that I have your attention... MONEY! Good! Now, a lot of you have already staked out your corner of the WUPHF empire. Raise your hand if I'm describing you. [Michael, Pam, Daryl, and Stanley raise their hands] A lot of these guys are just Mac.com, @ their website, whatever. We get that guy WUPHFing, it's all over. Sell. I'm betting on myself. What is wrong with you? What happened to you in High School? There was a time when the only people who texted you were people you wanted to text you. Girls. And they'd all say the same thing. "I'm coming over baby." And I would text back "BTB", bring that booty. Umm, Stanley. Maybe you could just unspool a little more each time you need to... I disagree with. Michael! An antacid pill that you take once every six weeks. Wow, so this building can get uglier. Well, this building isn't far, and its much newer. There's a dry cleaner, nail place and a gym. Oh, and it's next-door to and Outback so it always smells like steak. So Stanley, how big is the bug up your butt today? Oh, don't be such a baby. Didn't think your affectionate nicknames would be your undoing, did you, Jim? Let that be a lesson to you all. No, they bring it in. You lucky son of a b*tch. Right. Okay? Great. They're not worms, Dwight, okay? They're just people with tiny businesses. They're baby whales which is even cuter. Hey... [whispers] I'm clicking! I am clicking. Yeah, and it's not just the kissing. It's the flirtatious whispering. Yes, but Reception is a one person department. If I get you a new computer I have to get one for everyone in sales. For Dwight, for Stanley, it would be crazy. No. I do a lot of portion control. I try to keep my daily calor intake under 1200. [laughter] Thank you. That's my stuff. Yeah. Michael, take a look at this. I need a wide berth. I need a wide berth from those nuts. [next house] Congratulations! [to Stanley, who is cracking up again] You were laughing right? For birthdays! Stanley, you love your Sudoku and your puzzles, I bestow upon you, my felt. [gives Stanley a small felt table] May you never lose the fun loving quality in life. Wow. Just do your best! I have faith in you. [standing in front of his office, sees that it is three forty five] Okay, everybody come on. Conference room five seconds! Let's go! Hurry up, let's do this! [Dwight runs into the conference room. All others follow] What is this meeting about? [cutting her off] Well power through the arthritis Phyllis you can do it! Umm, hmm? [inputting numbers into the copier and holding up the line] One... [enters with a cowboy hat, speaking with a Western accent] Yee-haw! Whoo-hoo! [imitates g*n] Howdy, partners! It's me, g*n-Safety Dwight! And I'm the rootin'-est-- [removes hat] I can't do this. Um, look. Obviously, a g*n went off under my watch, and I'm launching a full investigation. We are the Search Committee, hand-picked by our CEO, and tasked to find this branch's new manager. Not everyone we meet will be good, but someone's bound to be, right? [Andy, Kelly, and Darryl are each dressed up in suits for their interviews, Andy is also wearing an "Andy for Manager?" pin on his jacket] And, to be honest, I think a lot of the decent candidates are right here in-house, so, I'm not too worried. But I'm really excited to spend a lot of time with Toby and Gabe. [quietly] Did you know that Gabe's last name was Lewis? I had no idea. Well... [in mock seriousness] Oh no, Stanley... you'll live forever... [loudly] Stanley, I won't be able to invite everyone to the wedding, because we want to keep it to 350. Yeah, I wanted the manager job, but I got somethin' much better. This soda. This is mine. It might be easier if you take a deep breath, lift from the knees, and shove it up your butt. It's just a list of our names, split into two columns. We couldn't cr*ck it. Stanley, you do puzzles all day. Whatdo we got? Okay. You guys ever had Margarita pizza? Fresh tomato with a dollop of mozzarella cheese. Hey guys. So Columbus Day, we got that half-day on Friday. You're really going to want the booster. OF course not. There's no magic button. You have to summon that. There's lots of stuff. John Irving, collected works, Twenty-two points. Or, you can pool your points and redeem fifty-five for this maternity shirt. Really? Because I sat next to Stanley for years....and this is nap time. Open eye nap time. He balances the phone on his shoulder and just powers down. Now look at him. We should think about this...does anyone have any better ideas? I'm glad you asked – Connecticut Casual. [claps] Chef from South Park, it's genius! Yeah it seems like there isn't a narrative. [on screen a man gets into a car] Maybe the filmmaker realized that even narrative is comforting. I think we've seen enough. You can turn it off now. [everyone murmurs agreement] Yeah turn it off now. I know who I want to take me home. I know who I want to take me home. [Pulls towel through legs] I know who I want to take me home. [Spins Meredith in chair] Take me hooo...hooome! You know what fine! I try to start fun traditions for you guys, but if you don't want to sing... no traditions! [singing] Closing time every new beginning... I've never heard that song before. And once I heard it, I did not care for it, but that song means it's time to go home. Now...it's my favorite song.Andy/ [singing] Every new beginning comes from some other beginnings end. Alright everybody, looks like we need to be getting to work. Be extra careful. Double check everything or the accountability booster will getcha. I haven't even considered it. That's how sure I am that this accountability booster is going to work. Gahhh. That's five strikes. I made a mistake. I'm sorry. That was bad. The situation you described, returning home to a wife complaining about her paper being too masculine, is not one I'm familiar with. No. Interesting. So what is Dunder Mifflin's oatmeal cookie? What is the product that no one wants? Who's excited to get their holiday wishes? What's that, Stanley? It is important to be mindful of all belief systems at our holiday party. I got Stanley tickets to see Lewis Black for his birthday. ...Might not have been the best idea. [imitating Stanley] I want.. my sugar free cookie, and then I want a sugar cookie. [group laughs] and then I want my nap! Backups. [Jim goes to join the backups] Let's reverse engineer this. You're a black singer. Where do you go? Somewhere where you're a novelty. Alaska? My cousins were actually at those Olympics. Well, I know Elizabeth Taylor's sixth man was Richard Burton. Is that helpful? Jim, come on! That's so juvenile! What the- [opens drawer full of meatballs] Ugh. I know. [Dwight finds stapler in giant meatball] Really Jim? Really? Very funny. Thirty-two meatballs. That idiot's been feeding us for a week. Hey, Stanley. Um, what happened to my pants? How could it be boring? You were there for five days. Titillate us. Uh, excuse me, can I have everyone's attention for a second? First off, I just want to say that I'm really sorry, I didn't know that my absence last week would have been a burden on any of you, because, though I did have jury duty last week, they did dismiss me early on Monday. And I think you're going to find this pretty hilarious. I kind of, uh, well, maybe took the week off. [laughs] You're screwed! Oh, it's happening. It's really happening. Hi, all right. I'm just going to go down to the car and I'm going to put her in her seat and I'll be right back up. Yeah. Yeah, I mean I could have used another week, or three. Hell yeah. Well uh...well the deliberations were confidential so...I feel like we should respect that. Wha- Yeah, wow. It's almost like we're not all experiencing the same winter? Let's go, step it up you runts. You infants, let's move. How many of you have seen the documentary Deliverance? Stanley, wake up, it's pretzel day! [Dwight pinches Stanley's nose and covers his mouth] That's a good one. [a red sports car drives up] Whoa, Stanley! Did you just come back from burning down a rival nightclub? Yes. Loggins and Messina. Andy, pick up the phone! Fantastic. Stanley drives so fast. Wow. Are you that bored? Is that another motto? Mmm. Oh, I don't know. "You're too slow, you're too small, Seabiscuit is a stupid name." You guys sound just like the enemies of Seabiscuit. I'm going to do it. Stanley, are you listening to music? Aloha, aloha, aloha. So I hear you're all looking to bake up some dough in the sales game. Well, back when I was regular Amos- Cathy? It's been great. Fun, normal. [in voiceover] I thought I was gonna be hanging out with stanley on this trip, but he's turned out to be kind of a loose cannon. Yup, coming. [opens door] All right. We have plenty. Do you want to watch the game with us? We're watching a game. The Heat game. Just a game. No, no, no, Stanley. Stanley. Stanley. Have you seen Erin? Yes... my pretty hardest. Look, you haven't dealt with him in awhile, all right. He's like super Dwight. It's like he's been bitten by a radioactive Dwight, or som- Stanley, back me up. [to Stanley] Hey! Good to have you back. Mm-hm. I'm a magical fairy who floated into your office to bring a little bit of magic into your lives, to give you all raises. oh! Ay, carumba! The natives are getting restless! Oh... Stanley? Hey jabroni. Show some class. Sorry, man, I can't focus on zingers. There's too many potential clients. From total loss to total boss, I mean- Hey, uh, does anybody know where we throw these out? Just three single guys. Getting into trouble. Once again, I understand that old habits die hard, but if everyone would kindly walk their refuse to the trash bins instead of tossing them, then we would—[h*t in the face with trash] There's four thousand dollars to give away. So, who has filled out their form? Stanley? You think that Andy's family owned slaves? I was helping Nellie drive—[Stanley interrupts] Nothing! Nothing is going on. Keep moving please. I was just asking a question, Toby. How are you not m*rder every hour? Roll into the future with Work Bus. Say goodbye to wasteful buildings. These days a mobile office isn't just for hotshot politicians. Now anyone can rent a work bus. [Meredith and Kevin bump chairs in bus angrily] If you've got a parking lot, a work space is just a phone call away. [Erin tapes candy dish to pole] In this age of belt tightening and less empowered workers, a work bus is how tomorrow gets things done. [On phone] No six after the eight, no.... Shh! Stretch. Alright. I, my legs cramp up! Ok, it's a circulation issue. As would I. What are you talking about? You're not the boss. Andy is. Andy?Phyllis, Kevin & I wish I could just wave a magic wand and make you a parentless five year old again. I would snap you up. Please? Just make sure he's OK? [Jim climbs through hatch] Yah! ah. Okay. Ha ha ha ha. But you have no idea how lucky you are because HCT is doing a set at our halloween party. Thank you. Oh, great. Because we're friends. Unfair. When's my birthday? How about this-- You let me take you to lunch, and I make my case? You know, truth be told, I think all you'll really be doing is accepting calls from my clients while I'm gone. Morning, folks. Actually, the surf and turf does come with lob-- Listen, I was really wondering if maybe we could lock this down before lunch is over. Still decorative. Phyllis!  Wow. We're gonna cover for you, ya know. Phyllis, what was that?Phyllis are you dreaming, or-- This is hilarious, but we're gonna stop with all-- Shuckin' the peas.  You should go back to the first part, though. You are  gonna  cover for me? No. [In Kitchen] We're thinking of collaborating with Mike Schmidt on some of his charity work. I--I could--I could talk about it. What? It's a Pennsylvania Dutch specialty. Hog maw. That's a beauty, isn't it? I don't even want to tell you what it's made of until after you try it. [Continues reading] "His partner, zwarte piet, or black Peter, a sl*ve boy, often portrayed in colorful pantaloons and blackface." Oh, no no no no no. I have not yet g*n to shame. No! Stanley! If you leave now then you'll get it in your car and then you'll get it in your house! [Erin jumps on Stanley's back] I'm trying to save you from yourself! Oh sure, and when you're ready to get serious, come to me to get it done right. [Dwight holds up a pair of scissors] Yes, as a matter of fact, I uh... [pulls booklets from his bag] I wrote some down. There you go. [passes out booklets] Wow, this guy came prepared, it impresses me! [group laughs] 00 P.M. looks like around here! Oh, enough with the whining already! Why don't you just have some more coffee? Yeah! Yes. I mean, it is everything. Let's all ask ourselves, have we been faithful in our relationships? Oh, you think they're my only friends? I've got way more friends than that, and they're all better than the losers who work here.[all murmuring] I don't want to sit near any of those people for the next 20 years. Someone say something. Or the mini mall. They have all these Valentine Day deals. You can get 20% off if you come in with your husband or your [to Nellie] boyfriend. But, I mean, if you don't have one of those you can probably just bring whoever it is you use to k*ll your loneliness. He sounds like a wounded animal. I can't be around sad people, it makes me sad. Oh my god. See? I watch way too many ads online and I don't do enough situps. So I bought these. Now, every time an ad pops up online, I get 30 seconds of ab blasting. I call it Ads for Abs. Ironically, I learned about the boots from an ad online. No? Wow. I'm in this mode now where I'm apologizing for thoughts that are in my head. [Clark fake laughs] Hey. I have a crazy feeling [hands Clark a cupcake] that you are really gonna like this. Yeah? Well, count yourself lucky, Phyllis. I got the toilet. Weird to see how we used to look in those promos. Some of us have changed so much. I think we need to figure out what's going on. I might just take a little walk. Yeah, I guess I could. I thought Terry knew about Cynthia? You would be a great one to buy an auger with.  Come on! Come on, Stanley! Stay in it! Our office has an unusually large number of... unusually large people. I think we should. No, I think they mean more like a politician. Well, I did say it would be an inconvenience. You should have called me from downstairs. We could've met in the lobby. It's time to go out on a sale! Here we go. The buyer is your sister's friend. This is the printing paper for the entire school district of Lackawanna. You are coming, and that's an order. Stanley, one way or another, you are gonna come with me to make this sale. Don't worry, it's just a bull tranquilizer. Nothing to be alarmed about. It's just a man pointing a bull tranquilizer at a coworker. Holy [bleep]. [fires tranquilizer g*n twice] Okay, Stanley? Do you understand what we're about to do? Okay. We, hey—hey, listen, listen. We are going to go discuss paper contracts for city of Lackawanna public schools, okay? It's a long drive. He was in the backseat. But right now we're talking to Mrs. Davis about the full range of the products that we offer and our competitive rates, right, Stanley? Stanley. That's Benji in the middle. Like this? Watch. Like that. Well, of course not, because that would be insane if it did. Still getting a bargain, though. You earned yourself a nice, fat commission and you didn't even know it. I'll go tell Andy the good news. Oh. [chuckles] Silly me. Gotta take the stairs. Well—no, no—n— Yeah. Oh yes I did, I told you all. It was..um, cause that's an awful lot of money for me to forget. [hugs Darryl] I'm gonna miss you too. Mmm! Oh, good lord. Who knows? Maybe Andy will make it. He's not terrible. No, he's good. I'd better come out of this smelling like a rose. I've been on my best behavior for nine years. If it wasn't for the cameras, I would've done some truly vulgar crap. Uh... yeah. Depending on traffic. [holding Phillip] Listen, listen. Shh, buddy. Stanley's sleeping. You don't want to wake up the grumpy old walrus, do you? Yeah, I'm not ready for this. Yes! Whoo, whoo, whoo! Right. How's Florida? Oh, great. Doesn't seem like anyone cares about us anyway. [dancing with Stanley] I missed you. Oh, that's for PBS executives only. Okay. Yes! Whoo, whoo, whoo! Right. How's Florida? Oh, great. Doesn't seem like anyone cares about us anyway. [dancing with Stanley] I missed you. Oh, that's for PBS executives only. Okay.